Yes,of course.I really think the MSc in EM of York is totally different from my 4-year studying experience in Chinese university and I am very interested in the group work.
I think it basically meets my expectations.
Yes.
Yes, I can learn some professional knowledge of both engineering and management;
Definitely, it is what I expected by so far. I think the modules are scientific and the staff are kind. The learning environment is really nice. I just did a good choice.
Yes, after the first week of induction, I am looking forward to learning EM in the next year. On the one hand, I met teachers who are very responsible and friendly. I met classmates from different countries and they are all very nice. On the other hand, I am very interested in the diverse ways of class in the UK: there are lectures, seminars, team works,etc. I understand the content of the each course . I believe that EM will be very helpful to my future employment.
Yes, it will be my expected.
Yes I do.
Yes, I think so, that is why I choose the University of York EM.
To be honest,it is exceeding my expectation.It really have lots of knowledge which you can use in the future job which is attracts me a lot.
Yes, I surely think it will be a life changing experience for me.
Yes,I think so.I am really convinced that I could learn multiple-skills in the engineering management in York.
After seeing the EM course introduction, I think that this is an essential subject for China marketing. However, I think we can set some extensive introduction of professional courses to suit for the global technology development.
yes exactly! thank you guys a lot!
Yes, it is.    
Yes, in my own opinion, the induction part is a very important part before the MSc courses, it let me know much about how can I focus on my specific major, in addition, I can learn more professional knowledge, it provide me with more space to manage my study target, I can be offered much great education resources, it is also a challenge for me to study in a foreigner country. I expect I can improved not only my professional knowledge but also my English level. I think I can get great improved during the time I spend in the University of York.
Sure. I think it is quite good for me to learn the Engineering management.
Before the introduction, I always thought the course might be boring. After the first week, I find the course which is related to law seems to be interesting. I can compare the different regulation between different counties, which is really attractive for me.So I think I should be more passionate than before.
Yes，I think EM is the course what I want to learn. I can learn a lot in the EM major, such as the International business, Law and Strategy.
I have missed the introduction week so I'm little confused about some details about MSc in EM. But I think I will follow the instructions latter and ask advice from peers.
Learn how to manage, how to work together, how to improve efficiency, how to become a qualified manager
Yes, I think this is what I expected. A Presentation is included in our course, which helps us improve our self-confidence and language organization skills. And we also need to write essay, It can help us to improve writing skills. Group report develops our teamwork skills, which is very useful in our future work. At the same time, we will have a comprehensive understanding of the law of engineering management in the UK.
Yes,during the induction,I know something about this major.It involves multiple aspects.So it’s not boring and I will gain more knowledge.
I feel that these inductions are very useful. The lecturers taught me lots of ways to improve my skills. At the same time, I was truly understand the meaning of team work. I think it will be my expected.
It is exactly what I want during the welcome week. After these four days' introduction, I have completely understood all necessary information about my course and the engineering electronic department.
Yes, I think that I am full of expectations. When I was a undergraduate, my major was project costing. I hope I can learn more management, in my mind, EM include whole information, we should learn more skills, and I think I will become a whole person by EM, because, I will improve time management skill, term work skill, talking skill, etc. by EM. 
Yes. I have confidence in myself and will do my best to achieve my goals.
Yes, I acquired lots of information about our department of electronic engineering, such as Msc programmes, staffs and student supports. What's more, I understand what  should I notice in the next year, like time management, team work. The most important thing is there are some activities which help me familiar with my team member and know everyone's advantage and shortcome. All of this can help me have a better life in the next year.
To be honest, the induction session really solved my problem in life and lighten my worries about my study. Firstly, since I come from China, the Britain culture is really different from China, and I also worry about my language and my course. I major in accounting in the University when I was the undergraduate student, but I change my major in Master, I found that many of my classmates in Engineering Management major in Engineering and I afraid of some technical course. After some brief introduction of the course are given, I am not worry about my course anymore,due to the familiar course can be found. Additionally, most of the teacher donnot have the accent which I can totally understand them. As I have mentioned before, I am so worry about my language in listening and writing. Surprisingly, I found there is the language center introduced by the induction session which can help me in writing the report. And the library and research techniques were introduced carefully with the practice, so, I can use the library resourses by using the website now.Besides, for helping us in learning, the previous students tell the experiences to us and we have divided the supervision group for just six students which means the tutor can help us directly and convenintly. All in all, I do appreciate the induction session and it help me a lot.
Of course.This major lists a lot of key course elements in our future career.
Yes,I do.
yes，i believe this course will help me to prepare for my career.
yes
Yes,it must be what I expected.
Yes , it is . I hope I can get more useful knowledge about this major . 
Yes,it has many interesting courses and teachers are very friendly.
Yes, because I have completed a one-year pre-master's course in the UK, so I have a certain understanding of the graduate course, so the model and components of the course are basically the same as my expectations.
Yes， I do.
I think so, but it is hard to say at this point.
Absolutely yes. 
Yes, and more.
Yes, or even better! I am very happy with the first-week feelings.
In certain ways yes, in others no. It definitely feels like it will be more focused and challenging, which does fall in line with my expectations nicely. It's still too early to tell.
I had a brief idea about what I was going to do this Year. I have completed my undergraduate study at the University of York doing a BSc in Music Technology. This gave me the chance to discuss with some of the lecturers about postgraduate studies. Alongside that I was friends with several Msc students from last year which gave me the chance to see what the course is like together with getting some opinions.
I think it will be very interesting and challenging, I look forward to learning more about the subject. 
I do think that the course will be what I expected in terms of content, depth of learning and work load. Before applying to the course I was careful to at the content of all of the modules and ensured that each of them either fulfils a personal interest, or a personal goal. I am also pleased that the depth of learning seems like it will meet my ambitions for this year.
Yes!
Yes. All courses here are all my need in my work.
Yes. The courses here are what I want to learn. Because I want to learn some knowledge about combining technology with music and audio, and the programme here has music production courses and audio technology course which are exactly what I want.
yeah,it is a wonderful subject, i like the course and i will spend a unforgettable year.
yes
yes
Yes, of course.
Well ,it is what I'm looking forward to. First from the timetable , I knew what subjects i need to learn.The general direction of EM has been understood. I think this arrangement is suitable.
I think yes. Since I was studying my undergraduate degree which is Industrial Management, I always desire to make the further study in this relevant field, for half technical learning and half management learning. After this first session and introduction week, I think I made a great choice for myself which is to carry on this MSc program. I just hope everything would go well in the future and I could learn a lot from MSc Engineering Management.
I think this could be the life that I expected. I thought my classmates and I can work as a team and we find and solve problems together. I think this will come true.
Yes, of course.
Yes. I can learn both technical knowledge and management knowledge from it.
I think that it is a combination of knowledge in many fields, including laws, business, math and communication.
Yes, I think this course is that I used to expect.
Yes, absolutely.
Yes, all of teachers and staffs are quite kind and humorous. Besides, they give us a verity of information about our course and advice about study and life. WIth the help of them, I feel happy to be in the environment of MSc in EM. 
Yes. I think the course will meet my expectations. Because I have learned that a course contains theoretical knowledge and practical guidance on the direction of engineering management, which enables me to put myself into the role more quickly in the future.
Yes,I think so.
Yes, I think my study will be really substantial. 
yes
Yes! I expected to have some communication with others, to be a creator. 
Yes!Management based on Engineering Programme. 
Yes, I think so.
Main course starts next week, so still don' t know what's gonna happened, but so far so good.
Yes,I think it will be.
Yes, I am very much looking forward to the course in engineering management. My undergraduate major is mechanical engineering. All knowledge is related to technology, and management knowledge is not involved. Therefore, I chose the engineering management major as the main direction of postgraduate study. Through the understanding of each course, I know that I can learn how to follow up on a project and how to manage a company. This profession will help me expand the width of my career choice in the future.
Yes. Before comming to the University of York, I spent some time investigating about the MSc and its courses. It has been a great pleasure to know them finally.
Yes, the one-year study period is very short, but the task is very heavy. It is not easy for us to complete both the study of theoretical knowledge and the accumulation of project practice experience.
The induction programme was really helpful to know more about the department and the assessment patterns.
Yes, there are some courses that I have not learned before. I think it will be an interesting learning experience
Well, I am not sure about that, give me some time to experience that. In fact, I need think more, for example: what I need to expect? how can I meet the assessment? But just now, I would try my best to meet my academic goal by different ways.My subject is embedded wireless system,what is I never touched before. To my surprise, I have an active team and aresponsible mentor. Although I am not sure about my future, I am lucky to havesuch a partner and supervisor.The expectation for the course may dependon the above description, but it is more about my own efforts. I firmly believethat only my efforts can get what I expect.
Yes, I do. It is a dream that I can be a member of the department of Electronic Engineering as a postgraduate. In this following year, I will try my best to obtain the knowledge, try to learn the working skills. This year is precious. I will pull out all stops.
Before induction week my assumption was that this MSc will follow a similar path to my undergraduate studies in terms of the structure/layout of modules as I have experience with the Department of Electronics. After Induction week it was made clear that some of my assumptions were correct, yet differ when it comes to the course structure, as well as how assignments are set.
yes, I can create my idea.
Yes, through the teacher's introduction to the courses this week, I think it basically meets my expectations.For example, in the personal effectiveness &amp; masterclass, I will learn much practical and useful skills ,like how to open personal blog, how to use word and powerpoint efficiently.I believe this one year study would definitely help me learn more professional EM knowledge. 
yes i want to groom my self in respect of self confidence ,speaking fluent English ,i am willing to gain knowledge of creating new ideas ,improving decision making skills and by this program i can enhance my all skills level .
I feel that that this programme is very focused on the Management aspect as compared to the 'engineering'  aspect which other universities offer in their Engineering Management. I have worked in 2 factories and have learnt a lot about management skills whether they were good or bad. It was an intriguing area for me to explore hence why I pursued Engineering Management at University of York.
It is well thought and planned, organised and coordinated with guidelines and support put in place to ensure the success of students academic and professional pursits is achieved. It is far beyong my expectation
I am not sure but to large extent I think it will be.
Yes. The content and the form of the course are the same as I have known before. In particular, I am very happy with a lot of practical content in courses.
It will be waht my expected.
mostly
Yes it is.
yes, of course
yes
Yes, I always imagined that  the this program  will improve my skill in Management.
Yes, I feel that I made a good choice and the MSC in EM is so good that much more than what I expected.
Yes.Because I can learn both technical skill and generic skill.
Yes, even though there were some sessions like the resilience one that I didn't know we were going to have it but I really like all.
The interesting activity and lovely teacher are my expected.
Yes,I do.
Well, its style is what I expect. The discussion during the class is very effective.
I think it will be more useful than I expected.
obviously yes, i can clearly know what i should do in the future as well as i can know the specific requirements of the assignment, so it's very useful for me.
Definitely. I was looking forward to the teamwork and communication with study colleges. Besides, it seems that we will got opportunities to simulate working in a corporation, which might be very useful for our career. 
yes, I think so, I feel excited and expecting for it. the course is fun and has a good interaction. 
This week's session introduces the composition of the college and the arrangement of the courses. At the same time, Answered questions about the exam rules that students are most concerned issue。 These courses really give me a lot of help.
yes
Yes, definitely! I am excited to see some courses like International Business and Law for Engineering Management in my modules which I really expected a lot.
This welcome week is a great experience for me, I can have a relatively comprehensive understanding about the department of Electronic Engineering and my major Engineering Management. Therefore, I believe that this week can meet my expectation.   
Learn something new that I haven't been exposed before
Yes it is but i still want to learn something about engineering not just management.
Yes,I think it is really useful for MSc students to know about some information such as what the conquence will occur if I exceed the deadline and where common study rooms and offices located are.
Yes,I do.I think MSc will have great development prospects in the next 20 years.
yes
yes
Yes,the teaching style of group discussing and team work building is something what I really expected.And there is too much different  from my 4-year studying experience in Chinese university.I think this kind of teaching style will be more interesting and helpful.
I think this kind of immersion teaching method is what I expected, so that I can participate more in the classroom.
Yes.
Yes, i think we need more self-regulation of learning. Study hard and play hard.
Yes, it is. The difference is that we only have one teacher for one class but not two or three teachers taking turns. This is quite novel to me.
Yes, the teaching style  is my ideal style. Teachers would interact with the classmates. In the past studies, teachers rarely interacted with students. In addition,  we have some team works, these tasks cultivated my interpersonal skills, cooperation skills, communication skills. I have not experienced team works in my previous study life. This is a challenging and interesting form in class. I enjoy teamwork and I was fortunate that our team won the prize in the production of the supporting orange model.
Yes, I think the teaching style will inspire my thinking and I can learn different skill that I don't have.
Yes it is, similar with what i take in BEng course.
Definitely, the west university teaching style is totally different from Asian education style. Honestly, I really enjoy here.   
It is hard for me to find a standard for the different teaching styles.The teaching style which can makes me concentrate on the pace of teacher is good for me.
Yes, the teaching style here is a lot different than what I experienced in my past. It's a more engaging and student friendly style.
Yes.There are different teaching style between my original university and York.For example, we had more courses that our teachers taught us straightly rather than thinking by ourselves according to teachers' guide.Secondly,There were less opportunities to check information in library because teacher would give knowledge and answer in our classes,  but now most teachers would like give us more time to reading documents as more as possible.So,I think it is useful for me in my study and I could receive more learning skills and acknowledges  than before. 
I'm a student have a bachelor degree in China, so it's a totally new study life for me in the UK. I'm excited to gain a neoteric style of MASTER DEGREE studying.
The teachers here are more interesting and humorous than the ones in China.
Yes, I like this teaching style.
Yes, exactly. In my own opinion, the teaching style in UK is much more suitable for me compared with my previous experience, the teaching style here is focus more on the individual ability and team-work.It will let me recognize what my strength is as well as my weakness. Each student has a specific supervisor, the supervisor can know our problems and can give us some specific suggestions. It is really a great teaching style that I prefer.
Yes. I think we can have some small group to do some research project on or off campus.
Yes, it seems I can have more free time, so I can manage my time by myself. I also be asked that when we read books or articles, we should use  critical thinking, and the context may not be all right in the books or in the articles.
I have been here in the UK for one year, so I am used to this teaching style.
In the past I thought this classmay be the typical class. The teacher pour knowledge into our head and we have to listen and remeber and attend exams. Nowadays I think this course focus on practice and cooperation with group.   
Yeah, that is what I want. In China some interactions are missing from the management class. Most of the time, the teacher is talking.
The teaching style is what I expected. First of all, the teachers are very friendly. The introduction of the school and various subjects is very detailed. Secondly, the teacher's speed and accent can be understood. In the past teaching, the content of the weekly course will be more stressful than the current one. The teacher will introduce more content in each lesson, and there will be a lot of notes. Since our course has not officially started, the teaching style for the future course is still Unknown.
Yes,is the teaching style I expected.we have our group .we have some activites that need all members finish together. In the past ,we hardly have these similar activites.
In my mind, the teaching style of western is focusing on practicing. The past inductions are match my Imagine. The teaching style is different with the past experience. In China, the lecturers are more pay attention to delivery the knowledge. 
This teaching style is completely unfamiliar with our Chinese teaching style. Because in China, normally tutor will directly tell us what do we need to focus and do about our class, without interaction. However, this style with sufficient interaction can easily make every of us get involved into the class, and play more attention to tutors' words. The most important is: interesting and funny
As for me, I tend to group teaching style, and sometimes tutorial. Or after the class, I could have some chance to practice that making I can use these knowledge better. 
Well, it's quite different compared with what I have experienced before. This teaching style is more open and freedom, which give us students more space to think independently.
Teaching style is very interesting, this is better than I expected. All the theacher are friendly and have interact with us which make class atmosphere more active and interesting. The taching style is almost same with what I have experienced in the past except language and more team work with classmates. 
Actually, the teaching style is totally different from China, but the teaching style is what I expected it should be. Since I choose to study abroad for further study, I have previewed the culture and the teaching style before. After arriving in the University of York, I found the teacher will not tell you the standard answer, it is totally different from China. The teacher told us the correct answer is not just one and we can have many different answers and there is no standard answer for us. But in China, we can just have few standard type of answer and teacher recommend us to use the standard answer, otherwise, we will lose the mark. Moreover, the student can interrupt the teacher when we have some questiones. In China, during the teaching class we shouldn't interrupt our teacher for respect, we can just ask the question after class. Therefore, I do like the teaching style here and that's one of the reasons why I choose to study abroad.
Yes,i feel satisfitied about the teaching style now,because we have more chance to interact with tutors.In the past,the tutor would taught something that we should did and told us the answer directly.
Yes.The Britain teaching style highlight the interaction,critical thinking and group corporation.
I can easily to join the lectures, however, i expect more seminar for our course.
yes.Teachers are more active.
To be honest,I really love this teaching style.I do not have any observations.
sorry, I haven't attended classes much time . So I don't make sure the style of classes that I expected . 
Yes,it is. Most of the teaching styles are similar with I have experienced in the past,however some project seems very hard and challenging
China's education style are conservative, so I am very eager for the way of education in the UK. Because Chinese education is centered on the management of teachers, which makes us lose a lot of opportunities for practice and exploration, so I hope that British schools can give us more time for self-learning so that we can fully explore the limits of the brain and exercise our own thinking ability.
Yes, it is. Here are much more group work and seminars than I had in the undergrafuate studies.
The teaching so far has been through lectures, which is what I expected, and what I am used to at university. However, the Personal Professional Practioner lectures were to a much larger audience than I had anticipated, as I did not realise that they were shared between all of the Taught Msc courses offered by the Electronic Engineering Department.
Hard to say at this moment because as ATM we had only one introduction iOS Programming lecture . I like the lecturer enthusiasm and way of learning by slides and encouraging videos. This is better way of teaching that I had in previous years.  
Having previously studied a BSc at UCL the class sizes were much bigger and the lectures much longer. This course seems more engaging and the amount of workshops and lab sessions means I will feel a lot more involved and stimulated.
I can't notice any major differences at the moment from the BSc course. Lectures and labs have been delivered in just about the same ways that I am used to.
Once again due to being familiar with the university and even more with the department, I had a good idea of what I was getting into.
I t seems to be similar to my undergraduate course (lecture/lab balance) 
As a returning University of York student the style of teaching is what I expected. I have always been pleased with the quality and style of teaching at the university and have found it conducive to my learning.
Teaching style is somehow similar from what I experienced before, but I guess I am expected to work more on independent studies.
Yes, I love the teaching style here, it combiles lectures and practical and all teachers are very nice and patient.What I experienced in the past is much lectures and examinations, it was stressful but got low capability.
Maybe. Because in China many teachers are tend to teach the knowledge which we will test in the exam and students easily lose interests in other knowledge outside the exams. But here I can get some interesting points and don't need to worry about exam.
i extremely like this teaching style, and if there are more stories to explain the knowledge, it will be better.
yes，it is good
Not at all. Actually in China I haven't had experience in teaching style like this way, it is really different for me to experience.
Sure,i like this teaching style.The large-scale class teaching can make full use of teaching resources,and it can give more students a chance to get education. Compared with what i have experienced in the past , this style is not new.But it divided the students into groups,and every group has its own supervisor. So the efficiency has been improved,and every student can get more attention. 
The teaching style is exactly the same as my expectations. From my previous education histories, I studied in Chinese for two years for my first undergraduate degree, three years in Finland for my second undergraduate degree, one year in the University of York for my first master degree and I am processing my second master degree right now. To compare them all, Chinese teaching style is more serious and passive to me, because most of the Chinese education is exam-oriented education; Finnish teaching style is more or less than the style in Uk which is relaxed and interactive. Therefore, I love the teaching style in the UK and Finland, because I will have some initiative and voice in the classroom, develop thinking through some interesting group interactions and so on. That is totally the teaching way that I expect as always.
I was an IPC student last year, so I have adapted to the teaching style here and I believe this kind of style can let us think more and let us find and solve problems by ourselves.
Yes, I like it more than the syle in the past.
I prefer seminar. There are some discussions between teachers and students.
Yes, it is my expectation. Because in my past class at university, the style of class is normal without discussion. But in this teaching style, we can have our own thoughts to share.
Yes, I like it, comparing with the teaching style I studied in the past, this is more attractive because I can have more freedom to study some area I am interested in.
Yes. The teaching style here is more interactive than I have experienced in the past.
I like the teaching style. BEcause our teachers always speak slowly for us, and try their best to make the expression be easy for our international students.
Yes. When I was an undergraduate, I was mainly taught by professors. However, in this level, I learned that we will have more group activities. Besides learning knowledge and completing assignments, we could also improve our communication and cooperation ability to solve different problems.
Yes,the teaching style is more interesting and students can get involved with the course.
Exactly, it is. The tutors or lecturers usually have some interactions with students, I believe it is a good way to get feedbacks directly.
I think the teaching style is clearly to me.
yes，the teaching style is relaxed and teachers pay attention on interaction which is quite  different from what I experienced before
Yes, it is. I think it is a challenge for me to adapt a new teaching style,  but I really expect to participate in new class,  also have some totally different experiences compare with past.  
YES.but I hope more communication between different groups. 
I hope it is easy and enjoyable. In China, most of the teachers are strict. Strict teaching style can push my study, but I will be afraid of the teacher, afraid that I will be criticized by the teacher if I am wrong, so I dare not put forward my own opinions, and I dare not question the teacher on some issues.
Precisely the way I expected. Teaching methods are far more differentback home. Teachers in China seems more concern about theories and homework;sometimes would be considered as lacking of interaction with students.
Yes,it is.      No
Yes, through this week's introductory course, I think the study here is very focused on teamwork, which is very different from my past learning experience, I am very much looking forward to this way. I hope that the teaching style can be more relaxed. I don't want to learn in a stressful environment.
Is quite different than my home university but I like the way the lectures are given.
Yes, I like this style.In China, seminar class is more tend to give work to each student and require them complete after class, usually give the answer in class and spend more time to explain and solve the question, actually it is same here but fewer practice we get now. I can not say it is bad due to fewer work, it depends, someone like someone dislike.
The way we learn here is really good and overall its a new learning experience.
I think the current teaching style is fine, because the postgraduate course needs self-study. In fact, the teaching style of the university is basically the same, so it is easy to adapt
It is as same as my pre-master class.Although I had attended two semesters ofpreparatory courses in London before, I can only say that I was familiar withthe basic style of lectures. For other aspects, such as different accentsleading to recognition errors, or different opinions of knowledge by tutors,these are what I expect.The first week is an induction week, or anintroduction week. Although we can't fully appreciate the style of the mentor,the positive enthusiasm of each mentor makes us motivated to learn.
Yes, it is. In the past, I always had one textbook. However, now I do not have any textbook instead of many reading lists and recommended books. This is the most different thing. The other difference is the VLE. In my former study, I have never used this system. Lectures can upload their slides into the VLE. In China, we usually use USB flash disk to download the slides from the lectures.
As I previously mentioned, with my undergraduate degree in the electronics department (BEng in Electronic Engineering) I have experience with a few of the lecturers that presented during induction week. However there are lecturers that I have no prior experience with and from what I observed, could have a different teaching style.
yes. In the past, we just listen to our teacher in our university, and do not have interaction.
Yes
Yes this is the style what i expected i am so much impressed because i am from ASIA and there usually educate us formally just reading books and then attempt exams which are quite easier for us but now we are going to learn something new and incredible.I am looking forward to hear from it soon
At the moment after induction I can't gauge the teaching style/standard properly so I wouldn't be able to give an informed opinion. From the induction sessions, I did notice the enthusiasm in the lecturers and I hope this continues throughout the year as it makes me more motivated to do well.
The teaching style is satisfactory. It is sure not what is obtainable from my past experience
The teaching style is similar to what I expected.
Yes, the teaching style is great. I really like to have more talk with lecturers and classmates. It is quite the same with pre-sessional class. But when I was in China, we don't have much interaction with lecturers and all of the seminars are in the last week of the term.
Yes, absoutly. Compared to what I have experienced in the past, the teching style is more beneficial for me to achieve professional knowledge.
Already know the British teaching style
I am not sure because the class does not  start.
yes.no.
yes.I think they are similar.I am satisfied with the teaching style.
Yes,  it is. Professors are more friendly and they are worried  that students  must learn the   courses vey well. 
I found that the teaching style not only teaching us professional knowledge but also focusing on our career in the future, which I think it will have good effect on finding a job. Compared with my undergraduate study, I can have more chances to improve my abilities, such as team-work ability, presentation ability and time management ability. In the meantime, many of our teachers have many good management experiences, I think I can learn a lot about what a company real do and what kind of  employer they really need.
Yes.There were less team work in the past.
Yes, as the professors said there will be a lot of participation and with dynamic classes.
I expected the interesting teaching style which can make me feel funny.
Yes ,it is.I think it is a good teaching style to help the students participate in class and interact with teachers.
Yes. I want to add more tutorials.
It is more attractive than I expected. It is more interesting than what i experienced in the past.
yes, i like their teaching style. i think the lecturers are very nice and knowledgeable as well as can explain things clearly. compared with Chinese teaching style, i found that firstly ,English teaching style pays more attention to the combination of theory and practice,  secondly, they pay great attention to intellectual copyright protection which can respect the results of other people's work , i think that is very good.
The teaching style is different from the past, but I like it actually. What is more, it is more practical instead of only theoretical.
It's different in group work, which we can learn how to cooperate with other members. more specific, we can learn how to manage time, to allocate works, as well as to organize a team, it's strongly linked with our major. While I have a few opportunities to experience it in the past education pattern.
I am very satisfied with the current teaching style. This is because the Pre-master course I studied at University of York in the last term year which allow me adapt to the current teaching style.
Most of them fit my expectation.I think our class have too much Chinese people.
Well, I have to say that it's the first time that I am taught in a western teaching style which is quite different from what I accepted in China. Here, professors have more interaction with students and the pace of the courses is faster. I think it's not only a big challenge but also huge motivation to me. I will try my best to get accustomed to the new style.
What my expected teaching style? I thing that the teacher can have more communication with students, this is a good method to give more suggestion to students. 
The teaching style that appeal me.
Yes, I think this style is better than I experienced.
It is the teaching style I expected.I hope that the tutor can guide students to complete the study task in more detail.
yes, no advice    
yes none
We did have much interaction inside our groups, but I really hope that we can have more discussion and opinion sharing with the professors.
I am satisfied with the interaction,and the lecturers are very humorous as well as patient.
Yes.
Yes, i think the teachers are kind and responsible.
Yes, I think the interaction here is more practical, effective and international. I'm quite enjoying the kind of atmosphere.
Yes, I found that the teacher has much interaction with us, which makes me easy to understand the content of class . The teacher is very friendly to answer our questions. 
Yes, I think I can learn from my teachers and classmates.
Yes it is.
Yes, every lecturer encouraged students to tell their ideas and opinions. 
Yes.During the induction week,I feel the level of interaction is just makes me feel take part in the class and not too nervous for be asked  all the time.
No,. I think the interaction between the different cultured students haven't been that friendly.
For sure!It is an excellent style for me,  which could improve my communication skills,  teamwork, leadership, execution and innovation.For instance , the game that we make a tower as soon as high is really interesting in group,  which promote our relationship during a short time.  I am really expected that there could be more interaction like these.At the same time,I hope there could be more communication with professors during our study-time if it is possible.
Feedback is the most important way to communicate with the university education, At present, I'm satisfied with this form.
kind of. maybe there are too many Chinese in EM program, we will try harder to interact with each other in English rather than mother language.
Exactly.
Yes, the ways of courses are divided into different part, such as lecture, workshop ,seminar and so on, in some part , I will have lots of opportunity to interact with classmates and masters. But I hope we can have more tutorials with our supervisor. This process can make us assess ourselves better.
Yes, but it would be better we have more outside activity to improve classmates connection.
Yes.
Yes. Every student and teachers are very friendly with each other, I am very happy to communicate with everyone.
Yes, we can contact with teacher by emails.
I look forward to more interactive or example presentations.
As I expected, we met with our project leaders and had a simple conversation. I think the engineering management profession is very useful in the future development, and there was a previous senior school sister who did a detailed introduction allows us to understand the profession more deeply.
Yes,the teachers are very nice.For example,during the activities in the induction ,the teachers encouraged us to think and image.
The level of interaction did not meet my expectation. I hope lecturers could more interact with students.
Yes, this kind of interaction is what I want. Hopefully, during our future classes, more interactions can be used.
Better than my expected. We can talk with different students in my supervision group, some people learned electronic, some people learned structure. We can share our experience, if we have any question, we can ask and we have personal teacher to support and help us. 
Almost. I am an introvert, but the teacher needs a lot of interaction in class, so I will try to get myself involved.
Yes, I knew teachers in the UK have more interaction with students during the class before I have this class, It's ture just like I hearded. Furthermore, I was pretty enjoy when teacher have interact with us.
Certainly yes. Compared with China, the class in University of York is more active and we can communicate with teacher directly during the class time. And we can interrupt teachers for questiones, they will be delighted to answer the questiones. Besides, the teachers would like to ask some questiones and let us to answer them, they will not criticize us even though the answer they disagree with. In China, our students are good at listening what teacher taught, but we are encouraged to speak out our thought. That's amazing!In conclusion, I do like the level of the interaction with teachers here.
Yes,tutors always motivate us to do some tasks and give us some useful advice.
Yes ,it is .
yes
yes
Yes,it is.
yes , it is . I like this kind of interaction that can improve my ability of communication . 
Yes,students are always active and concentrate on class.
I think the level of interaction  within my expectations. The teacher’s interaction with us is short, but they can pass on the most important information to us. The teacher will tell us about the difficulty, progress and assessment content of our course. Let us have a clear understanding of the arrangement of the year and the pass rate of the test, which will help us to plan our study.
Maybe because of the number of students, the interaction is not as much as I expected. But it is still more than I used to experience.
I expected to have more interaction earlier in the week with my tutor, but otherwise it is as I expected.
Absolutely yes.
I knew it was a taught MSc but it really feels like the lecturers are willing to help as much as they can.
I think it's too early to know it but, it seems to be fine, yes.
Yes, university lecturers have always been open to interaction and dialogue and that still hasn't changed. Though some of the interaction in the larger joint MSc lectures felt a bit forced.
Yes. I like how our program is smaller with less students taking each module. This gives the chance to have a more personal relationship with the lecturers and hence improves participation in class. Making the lecture more interesting as a result!
I think so yes. 
The level of interaction is as expected. I am pleased to have a lot of timetabled contact time and the availability of staff that I used to at York.
as I expected
Yes, good interaction between teachers and students.
Term 1 / Reflection on the first induction programme sessionNow you have completed the induction programme you should reflect on it and answer the following questions before the start of week 2 (the first teaching week).  You might like to discuss your comments with your academic supervisor.  Don't forget to save the page before you finish.How do you feel about the MSc in AMT?Make notes in the boxes below about the questions and any other observations you have on the first session.Do you think it will be what you expected?
yes, it is .
yes
yes
Yes, it is. I have heard that UK schools pay more attention on teamwork and co-operation.
The level of interaction is much higher than what i have experienced in the past. There are many discussion in one class.we can communicate more and get more understanding.The relationship whether between students and students or between students and teachers could be better.
As I said above, I love any interesting interactions with my classmates and teachers within our class. Because interaction allows us to really participate in the course, and we will not passively accept the boring theoretical knowledge for the whole time of classes. Therefore, this level of interaction is what I expected and I wish more interesting interaction could be joined in the future classes.
I'm not sure whether this is the interaction that I expected. I think this depends on the team members that will study with me in the future, so it still depends.
It is higher than my expected.
Yes.
Yes, I like the level of interaction, but sometimes I think that the time for discussion is so limited.
Maybe, but I think I need to study after a period of time I will get it.
Yes. This is exactly the level I want.
Our teachers always try to do some interaction with us, but students still need to do more reactivities.
Yes. I learnt that I will have a lot of group work, including the final project. I will get the guidance from each professor and complete assignments together with other team members.  I believe that we can achieve a good interaction.
Yes,it is.
maybe a little more will be better.
Yes I think so.
yes
Yes, it is. I really like we study or work as a team, it is a really good way to help us get familiar with each other.
No,I hope more interaction.
Yes，it is.
The more the merrier.
Yes,it is.
I didn't think that everyone would have their supervisor before the course guide started, this surprised me. Bidyut Baruah listened to my presentation during the pre-sessional English language course, and he recognized me in this induction. This is a good teacher-student interaction experience for me.
Yes.
Yes, as an international student, I am looking forward to communicating with students from different countries and cultural backgrounds. After all, our study is not only about knowledge but also culture.
The lectures are so interactive and hence we could get a better idea about the topics discussed during the class.
Yes. The interaction with the teacher and the discussion among the students in class is the same as what I expected
Pronunciation, speed of speech, lecture style. However, I think this is both a challenge and an experience for international students, and I should adapt to this environment.As I have reflected on the last twoquestions. There are two parts to the analysis.On the one hand, on the personal side. Onlywhen individuals are strong can they drive all development. The interaction inthe eyes of others is exactly your personal performance, so I will start frommyself first, spread my positive charm and actively cooperate with partners.On the other hand, aspects of mentoring.Interaction sometimes also refers to the communication in class, which dependson the tutor's style and personal acceptance ability. Personally, I think thisis where I need to improve now.
Yes. We have a lot of interactions between students and tutors. And in a team, we also have lots of interactions. Every lecture we would have group discussion and we can always ask the tutors anything we want to know. So I think this is the ideal course what I expected before.
The lecturers present had a ""hands on"" approach that made myself and the other students feel welcome and a part of the university as a whole. This was what I was expecting.
yes. in my group, they have a lot of interesting idea, that is very good. It can help me to improve my vision.
Yes
Yes its cool right now i have a problem of  a little bit English language and i am really hopeful i will learn soon and teachers are really supportive 
Yes definitely! I expected more interaction at Masters level compared to Bachelors. This is a step up.
Yes. One would expect that there should be interactions in such a meeting of diverse International and home students 
There are more interaction than I expected
Yes. For example, the lecturer will ask a lot of questions during the speech and will also interact with the students. There also a lot of discussion between students. I think these are all good and can help us follow the course.
Yes, it is.
yes
Yes it is
yes.
YES.
Yes,it is. I imagined that I  will share classes with other students  from different countries and different styles  of  life.
I have never expected we can be provided many opportunities for interaction during the lecture. During our induction programme session, we had chances to answer the questions from lecturer and we also can talk with the people who sits behind me about one topic. I think it is a good occasion for us to show our opinion and learn from different people.
Yes
Yes
yes, it is good
Yes,it is.I like the level of interaction very much.
Yes.
Yes.
i agree with some of them.for example, i really like those  games during the induction period, but i think lecturers may give more freedom of choice to us and let us become a group by ourselves, i guess that will make us more active to join the activities.
I think it could be more interaction. For example, the study group is permanent, which give us less chances to interact with various students. 
I think so. it's good for us to take part in and help us focus and concentrate in class. it's not too much, which might waste some time, and make students fell nervous.
Actually, every classmate is very nice and the tutors are very kind.  
yes ，that is very nice and I hope it can higher level
Yes, absolutely. And I am gradually taking part in the interaction which I enjoyed very much.
My expectation of the level of interaction is that the teacher can replay the e-mail in time.
Of course
Yes I like this kind of teaching method. 
I hope that there will be more interaction between the tutor and the students.
yes
yes
Actually,the programme is really different from what I learn before.And i did have a pleasantly surprise about the group work during the class.
Although I am a bit worried that I can't finish tasks very well, I believe I will do my best.
Yes, I think my program will be very interesting.
Yes, i have a suggestion: can our each lesson record their lesson videos? I think they are quite useful for students to review knowledge.
Actually, I just feel excited about the following courses, even if it is difficult. Because I like the challenge.
I am very satisfied with the campus 's comprehensive learning equipment, and the library materials are also very abundant. The campus offers a lot of social spaces for everyone to interact with each other to promote internationalization.
I am looking forward to lean knowledge but worrying about my assignment.
Yes I am.
I really concern about my essay, i never do the long essay before especially 1000 words up essay.
I feel surprised about the programme that has lots of connection with our job in the future.And I am also worried for the class as I never learn about the law or business before.
No, I am mightily pleased about the program structure, especially some of the modules. Really looking forward to it.
Actually,I am certainly surprised the teaching style during the program because I learnt more new methods about thinking  and practicing. In addition I also learnt how to balance my study and life in York  and make my own timetable in advince,in other words ,a plan about study and life . However , I also concern that I cannot understand the words from teachers because English is not my mother language , so I guess I should practice and practice and practice my English for a great grades during this term.
Absolutely yes, but for me-a Chinese student, the big problem is we used the totally different language before, my only concern about the report and essay things like that I need to write in English, I'm afraid of the grammar and so on.
I do have concerns about the year ahead. it seems like there are so many assignments and pressure that I need to deal with. I believe the life is fantastic and the following challenge for me is to try my best to balance study and life.
I am surprised the programme which include lots of areas and concern about the final dissertation.
Yes. The school's library has abundant resources and complete hardware facilities. I like it very much. I concerned about the courses flexibility the year ahead.
No, I find quite comfortable and adapt to the programme fastly.
Yes, my major is Civil Engineering before, and I have never had the course about management. So i am curious about my course now.
I think it's good and I'm sure I can get my degree in the year ahead.
I don't know how to complete it very well. Because it is not the course with typical form, I hope I can do it well. 
I am very curious why the engineering management is planned in the electronic engineering department. I think it should be in the management department. 
First of all, our teaching plan has made me look forward to the year of study, because in this year's study I will have a very specific understanding of engineering management and will improve my future professional skills. But in this year, I will first worry about language problems. The prerequisite for completing homework is to read a lot of materials. For international students, reading materials will be slower. This is one of the concerns. The second is the issue of cultural differences. There are differences in understanding and answering questions, which may affect communication with the tutor.
To be honest, I feel a little bit nervous. I know the future would have lots of difficult. However, I believe i would deal with troubles.
Frankly speaking, I am still worried about the programme, especially some courses such as: Enterprise, Strategy of Marketing and International Business. Because I never touched some relevant information about this course before, in that case I will try my best to read as many books as I can, to improve my skills and professional knowledge.
I am so expected for the new programme. I want to try something new , I think it will be interesting. I can learn more and more skill and improve myself. Something I worried that I have some confused about my future, my work. What kind of work that I can do .Sometime , I don't know how to balance my life and work, my time management, I think I will improve these in this year.
I am looking forward to the next year's study, and will go all out.
To be honest, I have a little concerns about this programme. First, this is different with my mahor when I was an undergraduate. In addition, teaching style is different with what I experienced in the past, like I need to work hard on team work.
Definitely! To be honest, I was so confused before I come here. Not only confused about the life, but also confused about the study. I major in Accounting during the period of the undergraduate, but I don't want to major in Accounting for my Master, so, I change my major. However, I am perturbed about Engineering management, because I did not acquire the konwledege about the Engineering. After the induction programme, I found most of the course is about the business rather than the technical skills. Due to we want to konw about the previous study about the major, the previous students who get the distinction were invited for sharing the experience with us. That's can be quite a good idea for our freshman. I have communicated with  the previous students for my problem and I got the reply from them, which is quite useful for my future study!Therefore, the induction part should be passed on to the next group of students.
Yes,i am looking forward to learning more useful academic knowledge and put it into my future career.
Yes,I am.
The only thing i concerned about is time management .Maybe i will ask help from teacher later.
I have a little concern about my study ,but i will try my best.
I feel surpised about this programme which I have not experienced before.I do not have any concers.
I really concern about what kind of knowledge I can get through this year .And how to think about more creative ideas during solve problems . 
I concern about whether I can improve my problem solving ability and promote my academic competence.
I am very excited and surprised by the course because I am very curious about the UK postgraduate program. Although these courses are not many, they allow us to become familiar with a new profession within a year, so I am very much looking forward to the school's plan. But I feel that my English is not very good, so I am worried about my ability to accept. I am worried that I will not be fully integrated into my professional courses because of the small number of courses.
I suppose that I will be very busy in this year. And time management must be a challenge.
I think it will be hard work but I am confident that I have the academic support to see it through.
As an international student I have a few concerns about next year at the university mainly because language reasons. Before recruitment I carefully read the course programme so for now I'm not surprised. 
I'm really excited to start.
I think no... We have had a lot of induction lessons and the program and the assessment rules are both clear.
Neither surprised nor concerned. I am enjoying it so far and I feel like that's going to continue. Though if there are any concerns, a minor one might be keeping up with the pace of the lectures as there are a lot of contact hours.
I am happy with everything. I think my concerns are really small and unimportant.
No concerns so far, I'm pleasantly surprised so far.
I am excited for the programme. I have no major concerns so far. I am aware that effective time management will be key this year, however from previous experience studying I am now confident in the time management strategies that I have developed.
I am excited to learn new thing in totally different circumstance, but also a bit worried about my math and programming skills.  
Yes, I am pleasantly suprised about AMT program, I love the programming coures here.
Yes, I believe this programme can give me what I want.
i'm afraid that i can't complete the programme  perfectly, but i think i have understood a lot about it, so i will try my best and become the best.
yes
Actually I worry about my English languge level more than the programme indeed.
The program is good.I think the program gives students more free time to arrange.By managing their time properly,the students can enjoying here more.
I have no concerns. Because this is my fifth year of studying in a foreign country, so I have fully adapted to learning and living in a strange environment. Compared with the concerns, I look forward to the unknown challenges more, especially learning my undergraduate knowledge and let me understand in-depth technologies and management methods related to engineering management by my original knowledge level. I have confidence that my understanding of engineering management would be more systematic and systemic after I graduate in the future.
I really concerned about the the year ahead because my bachelor degree was not engineering management so almost everything is new to me. However. I believe I can perform well in the year ahead if I study harder than the others.
Yes.
I have some concerns about the year ahead.
Yes, I do have few concerns about program in this year, because I do not have any experience in this style of study. But I will try my best to complete them.
I am expected about the final project but I am not sure I can do well with it, because this project needs everyone in my group to make effort together. 
I am pleasantly surprised about the programme and I am satisfied with it. I don't have any concern about the year ahead so far.
Yes, because now I don't know what should I do to preper my future study if  I wanna to study Ph.D. Anyway, I think that I should do everything well and focus on now steps. 
I like this major very much and look forward to the future study and life. At present, I am worried about my spoken. Sometimes, I feel nervous and cannot express what I want to say with complete ease.
Yes,I am worried about my writing skill.
I am worried about improving my English, and try to get a distinction degree.
I am worried about my reading and writing report a little.
Comparing with being surprised about the program, I'm more anticipated and concerned  about the following study. I concern about whether I can fit the new teaching style and master the course.
I do had some concerns about the new term  like culture shock,  what we are going to learn  ,  but after induction , I think I have some understanding of how we study. 
no,that's I expected!
I like the first week very much, because it gives me a certain understanding of the school, the EM, and my future study and life. Last week, I didn't know anything about the future. Now I have a general understanding. My study habits are not very good, including the management of time and timely summing up the past and planning the future. This is the difficulty I will overcome in the days to come.
Still not sure about the Law module, but we will see. 
I am very interested in the setting of the course content. However, I am very worried about whether I can graduate successfully and get a degree after one year. I am not sure if my English level can support my professional class and want to learn. But I hope that I can succeed through continuous efforts.
I like the program. It was one of the main reasons why I chose the University of York
Yes, some of courses are out of my prediction, such as 'Sensor And Instrument', and also 'Intro To Communication', it mentioned how to trans signals between different power.
The programme is a combination of both electronics and management which is why I chose University of York. So, very much excited to be a part of department of electronics engineering.
Since there are some courses that have not been learned before, I will try my best to master these new knowledge
Just worry about the credit about this course, but I will try my best to do it.In the fourth week, I attended some career fairs, and I realised that I have weakness on basic knowledge and I need to work harder than others.Personally, this question is very similarto the previous one. But once again, there are some surprises, but moresurprises, and 70 % self-motivation. What do I need? What I want to achieve,this is a personal effort. Only their own strength, will have a qualitativechange. So now I have no scruple, only full of enthusiasm to face every day!
In the next year, I think we would have a lot of group works. They  can not be finished by anyone. It always be a group work. Everyone in the group should try his best to contribute something to the group. Without anyone, the group is not integrated. So all members of the group should finish their individual work. And the whole group work will finish.
The main concern about the programme is the language barriers that are presented with the different cultures each of the students come from. Apart from this I was pleasantly surprised and positive moving forward with the programme.
My writing ability is not good, so actually I am a litter worried about whether I can complete my future essay or paper well.
yes i am very satisfy and i am really hopeful at the end we will end this course with a lot of knowledge 
Neither. I expect a lot of work this year and rightly so. My concerns may rise when working with others in supervision groups as language barrier may manifest itself. I believe that working ahead of time may help eliminate any issues or concerns.
I am pleased about the programme formation
I am satisfied with this programme so far.
I don't have any concerns about DSE courses, everything just like I knew before. But I am really concern that the e-learning log is very time-consuming. I know what this is for. But in fact, it does not help me to learn much new skills but costs more than half of the independent study time.
Maybe I have few concerns about the year ahead, because I am not good at learning in English.
Hope to have something to  learn
So so may be, I am not sure.
yes. I am afraid that I will not understand the lesson.
I am satisfied with the programme.I am looking forward to the year ahead. 
I am very surprised with   Programme. It is the programme that I was looking for.
I was truly concerned about the programme before because my undergraduate major focuses on construction engineering, while now my major belongs to the electronic department. I worried about there is a big gap between those two fields, but I learned that our programme much more focuses on how to be a good manager, which surprised me a lot.
Yes.Because I thought that there was only technical skill.
Yes, I'm pleasantly surprised with some subjects because at first there where some subjects I didn't know much about them and then after the induction week I liked them more.
I feel happy with the programme
Yes,i am.I don't worry about the year ahead because I will follow the teacher's instructions step by step.
I have some concern about the course of management and acconuting. 
I am very expect the whole programme but I think the language would be a task to me.
actually, i am worried that i cannot integrate into the school life better and faster. meanwhile, i am also concerned that my old thinking patterns differ from those of the British, that my professor cannot more directly understand what i say.
The timetable seems quiet intense, which could be a little bit challenging for me. Nevertheless, I want to handle it and manage myself efficiently. 
I have attended the 4-weeks English pre-sessional courses, where I gain some knowledge about the programme.
I am not worried about this year because I am very much looking forward to it. When I was in China, the engineering management I studied was mainly in the management of civil engineering, so I hope to learn more comprehensive management skills in the UK.
yes，I think it is hard if I want to finish my study.
Yes, I am pleased to find many Chinese in the programme. We cooperate and compete with each other while we are making much progress.
I will concern about the teamwork because different people in a group who may have different way of deal with things, so I hope the teacher could help us if we have some problem in the teamwork.
Maybe the lesson would be hard to understand at first but I think it will be fine if I work hard.
I have read 14 copies of preliminary reading and found 5-6 mistakes in these materials.I then report these mistakes to tutor （Helen smith.However,I do not think finding incorrect euqtions can prove I am good at these knowledge.It is also difficult to remember some abstract formulas.
I am very excited about the time of the year.
no
nervous about language
The programme about Tower of York did surprise me.I just together with my group-mates created the tallest Tower using the A4 papers and scotch tape in limited time.At the beginning of this programme,i really thought it was a critical work for our team and we did not have enough confidence to finish it on time.So we just started disscussing and sharing the ideas  with each other.Than we divided the work,cooperating together, and built the tower step by step.Finally we made the tallest Tower of York,and we are so happy about that.
I think I learned a lot in the Induction week and had a comprehensive understanding of the next course. These days I re-explored my role in the team and learned how to make teamwork more efficient.What excites me most is that our new team has built the tallest tower through efficient communication and reasonable division of labor within limited time and materials. I almost devoted myself into this competition and enjoy the teamwork process. It must be mentioned that the academic writing class taught me how to write paper, dividing paper into several topic paragraphs and it would be much easier to solve each paragraph. Resilience tells me that it is helpful to face life and others with a positive attitude. Both classes mentioned that life in addition to boring learning, there should be appropriate play to balance work and life.
1. The group work called tower of York impressed me a lot, I had lot of fun in this game and had deeper understanding with my team.2. I felt happy with the induction week.3. Yes, it has changed a little bit, it was more interesting than I  thought.
Yes, i think the teamwork were quite interesting and it can practice our cooperative ability.
The teachers are so kind and my classmates are friendly. I felt happy during the induction programme. I just had a lot of conversation with many classmates. It makes me open my mind and the ways I thinking.
Yes, the induction course is very helpful. Thanks to the induction course before the formal course to help us understand the outline of engineering management.
Activities with my group of supervision were surprised me, because I thought the induction programme is only introduction about department. After induction programme, I have the initial plan about my learning such as the direction about my lesso
No it wasn't. sorry about that. i still prefer my own method in studying.
Firstly, i am surprised the induction programme. It is so fun and interesting, the part of teamwork is so amazing. After the induction programme, i really look forward to my courses.
Yes,there were lots of time for us to work with our group to make us learn the teamwork and get know each other.It is really makes me surprised.And I really enjoy the time to work with my team to design a product and build a tower,which let me know the important of work together in our future study and work.
Frankly speaking there were more social events than I expected which surprised me. Regarding the reputation that the university has with the multi-cultured events or gatherings it was not up to the par. On the other hand, the induction events has changed my perspective about my own learning style and the personality tests that were taken really allowed me to have  a insight of what I expect for my future.
Yes,there are different induction surprised me. Firstly, I have never participated some games in a group during my courses before.All of my teachers would like to teach us acknowledge rather than encourage us to find by ourselves.Secondly, I remember Tony and other professors  taught us some structure and development about engineering management that I do not know before. I think it is really useful for my study in this term.Finally, teacher also taught us some useful methods during our study,  like avoid doze,wounderful! So I am really pleasure about the induction program. 
Physical and mental health course really impress me a lot, HEALTH is fundamental in our study life, I like that kind course for new at the University of York. The second is the Team Work (paper bridge building), our team win the chocolate price in this programme. It's glad to work with excellent team-mate, in that situation I explore my leadership ability which I never to notice that I can do it before. I separate our team into different group to get the high efficiency in our programme. Our bridge shape is hard to achieve in that time limit but in our team everybody in fully achieving in each second.I think we have done this very well, especially the smile on the face of the orange. (point: I do the face by myself without telling them. lol ^_^  )
I am lucky to finish my 4- week pre-sessional programme, so I have familiar with something to some degree. during the induction, I am surprised that I made extra new friends!. and it did change my thinking about the programme, which is composed of half management and half technology.
I learned courses structures, introductions from induction programme.
The guidance section has helped me a lot in terms of work-life balance, it suggest me that I can get some rest or take part in some communities after studying. It really surprised me. And I feel happy about the induction programme , we are divided into different groups, so that we can meet some new friends.
Yes, the induction programme introduces us about how we will have lessons in the next year and also what we will learn and practice the theoretical knowledge into real life. I am excited about the induction programme, especially about the innovative activity. No, it might be some difference between we learn the courses before, but the engineering management is quite my favourite subject.
Yes, the way to study is different from that I thought before. We can compare the ideas and theories between different environment, not just remember them. 
I think the coffee break is very cool. I'm very happy with the induction programme because I come too late in Sep, and I don't have any friends here. According to the induction we can know about each other and make friends easier.
Sorry I have missed introduction week.
I was surprised in the tower programme. In this programme I not only increased the ability of teamwork but also increased mutual understanding with classmates.
I feel happy with our induction programme. Before I started the course, I didn't know the subject content and the exam method that we studied. After the first week, I have a new understanding of these contents. Some courses such as enterprise need teamwork to complete the team, and most courses need to read a lot of literature to complete the final essay, and from the second week Start making specific timelines to complete each task step by step.
Yes,I didn’t think we have the activities that need us to draw a picture or make a paper tower.Yes,I enjoyed these activities and know more detail information about EM.Yes.i need to think more and image more.And I need to produce more ideas as many as possible and choose what I think is best.
In the induction, the lecturer taught many skills about how to write report and reference. It is really useful for students. I am very happy to learn those useful skills. In the 27 September, there was a interesting team work-used paper to build a high and stable tower, which made me surprised.
Before coming to York, I have a blurry definition and conception about the Engineering Management course. However, after these four days' introduction, I can understand how many modules are going to be taught to us. For example, previously I thought this program will completely focus on engineering area, but the truth is, it also pay attention to commercial area.
This week, I learned  information about our subject. I learned what I would learn in the next year. I am so surprised that we had teamwork, we had some pictures and we talked about a production. We built the paper tower. This programme make me realised that what teamwork important it is. I can learn by the team, not only by myself. During this week, I found that our course will learn commercial area, not only engineering. 
Yes, I like it. I learn that we should noy only learn book knowledge, but also learn to use it.
Group competition surprised me, it's the first time I have group competition during induction programme. However, I was very enjoy when I work with my team members although we are not the won the first. I knew we will have many teamwork in the next year and I need to learn how to get along with team members and help each other do the best when we have teamwork.
As I have mentioned before, the induction programme is quite helpful and useful and I am quite satisfied about it. From my point of view, the most surprised and helpful part is the supervision group. Since the supervision group just include six students, the teacher can communicate with students better. The tutor said to us we can communicate with him whether we meet problem in life or study. Besides, the previous students shared the experience is pretty useful, because they can solve our problem from the perspective of students. Additionally, the part of introducing the language center and library and research technique can improve my writing and referencing. Moreover, the induction programme do change my thinking about my major. I major in Accounting in the past, but I change my major for studing more konwledge with many worries. Now, I have the confident that I can study well in the future because there are many konwledge I familiar with. And I have the deep understanding of my major via the induction programme.
When i did the team project,i releasied that the importance of collaboration.After everyone  achieve an agreement,they can make a plan and distribute their own tasks in a short time.
The thinking and teaching style really surprised me.I'm very happy with the induction programme. The induction programme told us how to have critical thinking and we shoud have enough evidence to support our opinion.
Yes, i will consider my time management carefully.
It didn`t surprised me.I were happy with this induction.I learned a lot.
The all of induction programme surorised me and I love this programme.And it changed my thinking about learing,I know I need improvie my experience not just knowledge.
Yes, the induction programme surprised me a lot and I am very happy during these three days . During induction programme I confirmed that team work is very import . 
Yes, it's quite different from what I have experienced in the past year.I feel happy with my programme, it makes us thinking actively and we know each other well after the induction programme. 
I am not very surprised by the .induction programme and I am happy with the induction programme. The induction has not changed my study plan, because the one-year foundation course has given me a certain understanding of this year's course. I am fully prepared for the study plan before the start of school, and my study plan is  very mature because of the experience and lessons of last year. My study plan is also not very different from the school's overview.
I am satisfied with the induction programme. I believe that this year will be busy but substantial.
I thought that the induction programme was good, but I think I would have preferred to begin the audio technology related aspects of my course earlier in the week. The induction did not especially change my thinking about the programme or my learning.
Induction programme was a great opportunity to get known places, tutors, the most important informations about the course and people from my course. Im glad that I had the opportunity to contribute in it. My perception of the course doesn't changed, as well as my ways of learning.
No surprises, just confirmation that I have chosen the right course for me.
It doesn't surprise me, but I think that now I understand the references in a different way that which I had. Before the induction week, I understood the references only for the ""authorship"" way but now, after attending to the induction lessons I realized that referencing is also important to support my work.
I have to mention that I skipped a great deal of these activities due to a back injury I sustained last Monday. However the ones I attended didn't really leave that much of a lasting impression. Certainly the introduction to the university (despite the pain) was a bit repetitive to students who have done their undergraduate degrees here. The introductions to course specifics were very interesting however, and it was great getting to know my new coursemates.   
I felt like very small amount of the induction program was new to me. It might have been a lot more useful for the students coming from different universities and courses.
It hasn't changed anything so far, just made me think more about what skill employers might want. 
I didn't find any of the induction programme particularly surprising. I was generally happy with the induction activities, while some talks weren't particularly engaging with my level of experience, I can see how students who are new to the university would benefit from these sessions. 
I was surprised that the department is really helping students to be prepared for job markets.  That was not what I expected but I feel like it would be beneficial to my future career.  
I didn't participate induction, I arrived late due to visa issue.
The content in the induction is not really surprised for me because I took 4-weeks pre-sessional. So some basic information I already knew before.
i think it was a good begin, i knew a lot about my major . it is totally surprised me that it is such a funny subject and i will use the way of learning taught my the professor.
satisfied
yes,it is flexible and i am happy but maybe no change
It really surprised me and I was really happy with the induction programme.It was a wonderful experience that I never had in China and there may be some changes in my way of learning, but I can't name it immediately, it takes time emerging.
The much interaction was surprised me .The class atmosphere is good,and everybody has involved in the class.   I am very happy with the induction program,especially the friendly teachers.I used to think that the teachers were serious.But the induction program changed my view.The program did changed my thinking about it. I thought the purpose of the activity was just to tell students about what's on the course.In fact, teachers  also spread positive energy to us and encouraged us.                                        
The induction programme didn't have many surprises for me because I had participated in some graduate induction programs at York University last year, so I generally know more about York University.I am very happy to be able to attend the induction programme because I can see the classmates and teachers who will attend the class together in advance, including my future team members and the supervisor. I can communicate with them in advance and generally understand the direction of the future thesis. Those are very attractive things for me.To some extent, the introduction programme changed my own learning and the perception of MSc engineering management. My previous learning may just be to learn new knowledge constantly, but the induction program made me realize that there is a learning log, which makes me feel that I lack self-satisfaction and reflection process in my own learning. I didn't really get through half of the technology and half management programme, although I studied industrial management for my undergraduate programme, some of them are still limited to theoretical knowledge, so I am very much looking forward to this kind of learning in MSc project management.  
Actually I have experienced this kind  of introduction programme last year. I still think the introduction programme is quite useful, it help us know more about our major and meet our classmates earlier. When we come to a totally new environment this kind of programme is really important.
I think those group activities surprised me most, through those activities, I became familiar with the group members quickily.
there were some discussions and a lot of interactions between speakers and audience. Yes. It helped me to cultivate critical thinking.
The teamwork. I was surprised how constructed the tower by paper to weight a orange. This programme changed my thoughts about study, because the programme needs a clear plan and spirit of teamwork, who can be a leader, who needs to operate and who can organize all of thoughts.
Some information is very important for me. For example, e-learning system surprised me, and some personality tests included in e-learning were useful for me to understand myself deeply.
The induction programme surprised me because it introduced the structure of EM which is quite different from the structure of my previous major. I was very happy with the induction programme. The induction programme made me think more creatively about my own learning.
It is surprised for me to meet those interesting teachers. In addition, I think about my dream seriously.
Through induction programme, I learned that my course will also cover a lot of practical and technical learning, which is what I expect for this course, although I may not be very good at operating computer related tasks.
Yes,it is different from the class that I have attended, and I am happy with the induction program,which helped me to know more about my major.
I like the comfortable and relaxed atmosphere of induction.
Yes, I  think there has a lot of different between the Uk and China in teaching style. However I think the way we learned here can help us to have the critical thinking.
The induction program let me know about the program of courses and how to find help from teachers, but I think only when attending the course I can evaluate the course.
when the first time we were asked to make a plan to sell something, we decided what we gonna sell,  and the function of products ,I  was surprised by our imagination, I never thought that we really  can make a programme to sell a pillow and in the last we won the prize!!!
I was surprised we did two teamwork challenges in first week! 
This induction programme is much easier and more enjoyable than I thought, I am very satisfied. I learned about the general plan for this year's study so that I can plan my time better. I was not a good person to manage time. But after learning about the teaching plan, I think I should strengthen my management of time and balance my life.
Teamwork activity works great. Brings lots of joy and create a strong bonding among the group. Haven' t changed my thought yet.
Induction programme was very interesting.  I was happy with the induction programme.   No
I think it’s fun to raise the oranges，which makes me surprise. After the induction, I think that group collaboration is very important in process management. One person's power is limited, however anassigning one thing to multiple people may make the result more perfect.
I think that induction was ok. A good start point. It was a very positive overview about what is comming in this next months.
Yes, that is great to me ,because when I studied  CS as an undergraduate student, most work were focus on code, it was more like to talk to computer and a bit stubborn. Now I feel the teaching style in postgraduate is to push us to accept more not only techniques.
The induction programme was really helpful to know more about the department and the assessment patterns.
Actually a little surprising. Because this is the first time you've introduced the entire academic year's teaching process before class. This will give me time to prepare for the whole year
Join a group and work with people whose from different countries. Different individuals have behaviour. Like my team, they always have unique opinions on some issues.In my opinion, these problems are toohierarchical, such as this problem, which I have expressed above.This week is both a welcome week and apersonal reflection week, reflecting on how we learned valuable knowledge andrecognizing that teachers who selflessly share knowledge, while unable toprotect us in so many ways, are amazing when it comes to learning.It is an interesting course just for the personalmaster improvement class. I used to think it only taught some basic skills, butnow it teaches me how to reflect on life and the future, which is a greatpromotion for the personal future.
Of course it surprised me. And I am happy with the programme. 
One surprise regarding induction week was how extensive the Professional Development Framework (PDF) was, as I had never had lectures of this range during Induction week in past degrees. I was happy overall with the induction programme as it gave a great opportunity to get familiar with my supervision group in team-based exercises, which will serve as a good precursor to future project work.My way of thinking in regards to Engineering Management has not changed much as I have always intended on focusing on my studies with a clear goal to work towards, but it gave me clarification on how to approach my intentions. An example of this would be the academic writing aspect of the PDF, showing how important it is to reference accurately.
yes. I am happy to listen introduction. This can help me have different ways of thinking.
I was so happy to enter the induction programmes because it introduced me the course contents ,critical thinkings and even some writing skills which helped me adapt to future courses in advance. But it seeemed not to change my learning or thinkings. 
To be honest i am really surprised with the education system which has been followed by the University of York.I am from Pakistan and we always taught that read book and do exam  so now learning environment in university is so much different and amazing.Self study is better and when you have such cooperative teachers i am really looking forward to get some amazing experience from it.
I was surprised at how 'new' the course is. I thought it was an old course. I was happy with the induction programme, it engaged well with the audience especially in the innovation tasks with supervision groups; it acted as an ice breaker. For now the induction made the course seem a bit daunting and demands a lot of work but i'm ready for a challenge.
Yes I was amazed positively about the induction activities as it was loaded with informative talks and also re-assuring of success in ones pursuit. Indeed I am happy with the induction
I am happy with the induction session. This session provide me a brief idea of the personal effective course.
The induction programme is great. I like the activity of making a paper tower and personality tests. But for the programme, I already fully know about the programme before I came here, so everything in my expectations. 
It is a good way to help me to manage my time and plan.
no
I think is ok, I do not change a lot now in my study.
no.yes, I met my new classmates and new tutors.no.
yes.I didn't except that we would have team activities in the  induction programme. I am happy with the team activities，it is a good chance for us to know our group members.yes.I learned how to write academic article through programme. Before listening the programme ，i really don't know how to write  an English academic article.Beside that I also learned how to be more optimistic and how to release the academic pressure.
Really, the  reference and citation of information are very novelty for my.Moreover, I was happy when professor gave a task about the construction of castle in  groups.  Yes, It  have changed my way of thinking because I can put in practice  the imagination.For instance, in my group were formed by   three different countries.It was the first time, that I was working in  group formed by three differents countries.It was very  interesting.Finally,  everything will depent on myself.
I was happy that we are provided many opportunities to have interaction with teachers and classmates, which not only improve my English speaking, but also encourage me thinking a lot. Moreover, I learned that the process of study not the way to receive knowledge，but the way to practice.
Yes.As I said before,it is surprising that I can improve my generic skill apart from technical skill.
No, nothing surprised me. I was happy with the induction programme as well with the kind of attention they offered to all the students. No, not at all.
I really like the group work and like the interesting activities in the class.   In my view, I think the induction was very boring, but after the induction, I found it is funny.
I think the induction programme has changed my own learning in working as a team.I learned a lot knowledge of how to be a team and importance of teamwork.Everyone should play a role in teamwork.The strength of a team is greater than that of the individual.
No, but it just what I expect.
The induction is very useful. It makes me more familiar with the course. The lecture which showed the way to write is very useful. 
i'm not sure that these things can quickly help me change my thinking, i think it needs a long time to orientation. of course, i admit that these inductions give me plenty of help in study life as well as i really need some time to fit into British life.
The construction game is impressive, I am happy with the induction programme which give me a lot of valuable information. Besides, it gives me some preparation of main course mentally. 
I'm happy in the group work about building a paper tower. 
The content of the  induction programme is very rich, which gives me a deeper understanding of the department. At the same time, I learned a lot of new learning skills through some group activities and games.
No，i think it is very normal.
I am surprised to find a well-prepared induction from which I learn a lot about useful skills about library use and rules in the MSc course. I am really thankful.
The induction programme is a good for new student who wants to know more information about the department of Electronic Engineering, such as my own experience. I can know many different useful things about the department and my major by this week.
Actually it is the same with what I thought and I am happy with that. But there is one thing suprised me there is almost nothing about engineering technology.
Different tutors have different English accents so I have to practice my listening skill.In addition I find some useful study resources (e.g.example of exam sheets,lecture notes and PPT)in MODULE website.I think I should work hard,try my best to achieve a balance between entertainment(in library) and study,
As far as I am concerned, I think the introduction programme is a difficult and complicated subject.
no
yes I need manage my time better
The team building is really an efficient way to get to know with our new classmates, and we really increase our confidence and develope our cooperative sprite in the team work programme.
I think academic writing session and team competitions are very helpful.I think academic writing and team competitions are very helpful. However, I think that Resilience's ball interaction can be reduced. Some problems are difficult to understand and hope can be simplified. I hope that the explanation in the reference section can be more detailed.
Most helpful: the information about VLE and ELEARNING, two games: tower of York, another game that I forgot the name...
It is prefect but i think our college can give us some information for future career. 
The induction programme helped me to meet and understand my groupmates. That is important I think. Because we are going to get along with each other for the whole year. It also let me know exactly what I will learn and do in this academic year, what I will gain from this programme.I think the tower competition is most helpful. I just got to know my groupmates very fast.
I think the most useful is the tower of york. This teamwork course helps us improve our collaboration and coordination skills.It would be better if each group activity could be changed to different team members.I hope that the campus could add some tour around York so that we can meet more classmates.
Activities in group were good for our group. Especialy, there are a person who come from India, we need to speck English in whole activity to let him understand our ideas. I think in the future, every group in different lesson should have a person how could not speak Chinese.
I need to forcus on the lecture clearly such as taking notes specifically.
I like using the 4 pictures to create a new thing because i understand my teammates' ability. Also, this activity helps us to know each other easily.
The sessions in the afternoon makes me learn more about the structure of our class,it help me a lot in make a plan for my future study. All the activities were really helpful,they taught us know how to use the tools in the school to make our report more professional and wonderful.
Do you think it will be what you expected?
In my point ,the most helpful session is ""introduction to MSc engineering management"",which helped me to learn some study skills and experiences,especially some experiences from PHD students, it is really useful for me. Their shares could help me during my study well this year in York ,it is lucky for me that I can attend this induction.However I hope I can attend some introduction about career and how to write CV in the next sessions if it is possible. 
I think the form of induction is very amazing, I really enjoy it. As for a feedback I want to see if that possible to give an overview of technology in the professional's area with a wide range, such as AI and Intelligent manufacturing in global prospect, it will give us a clearly demand in our future research.
activities like safety lecture and library skills are quite essential and helpful; activities done with supervision group can be added more; activities like listening to our alumni to talk about the experience are so interesting, I think it may be better to add Q&amp;A time.
Some supervisors lead me to visit physics and electronic building make me familiar with some offices and function of rooms. Furthermore, I realized the significance of team work when I participated two team work activities.  
My favorite part is about group cooperation. Each of us has joined different groups and achieved the same goal, which really increases our ability to work as a team, especially in the field of hands-on practice. What I think can change is the activity of replacing origami, which is a waste of paper even though it improves our team's ability to work. I think the activity that can join is to exchange our group frequently, can let us learn the advantage of different person
It gave me a clear module what we will learn in the next year and more details about the courses we will learn. The building highest and stable building impress me most, cause it needs us to corporate with teammates and we actually have done a great job to win the most creative and stable building. I just think we can have some enterprise lecture will help us better to know the application of our job opportunities.
It is the most important for me to talk with my supervisor, I get more information about the campus, and I feel less stressful than before, because I did not know my major and my career in the future a lot before. 
Everything is very good.
Sorry I have missed introduction week.
First of all, let me have a general understanding of my graduate study and life. In the group activities, I realized the importance of creativity and teamwork in this subject. The activity like tower is needed to add more. Because not only do we deepen our understanding of each other's team members in this type of activity, but also enhance our ability to communicate in teams, and may also increase our ability to communicate in English.
In fact, ensuring the balance between learning and entertainment is one of the most important things in the study abroad life of this year, both to get a degree and to have fun. This year I may be attending a school basketball club so that I can exercise and make new friends and practice cooking at home. In my studies, I will join a writing practice course to improve the upcoming final task.
During the induction programme,I know more methods that can help me to engage this major and the school as soon as possible.We have our supervisor and he gave us some suggestion both associated with the study and life.
After finishing inductions, I think the most helpful activities was using paper to build a high and stable tower. This task taught me how to team work and help the member of my team.
During this week, I obtained many important information which can be used to help our students. For example, our supervisor will give us instructive suggestion about our programme works and career in the future; the language central is open to public and this will facilitate our international students. In the future, I hope our supervisor can talk to us more frequently because during this process, he or she can impart key knowledge to us and these knowledge will be really helpful in the future.
This week, we had more and more opportunities to talk with new classmates and new teachers. And we also had the chance to work with each other. And I obtained many important information which can be used to help our students. Our supervisor gave us some suggestion for our future, our plan. I hope that we can join more activities which can help us know about our course more clearly. For example, tell us more information about our career and what type work that we can do.
I think the group game is useful. Because it can make group members familiar with each other quickly.
During this induction programme, the most useful thing is group competition. I learned two things: time management and team decision. We have a bad time management during this activities, which led us don't have enough time to make the tower higher eventhough we have idea. In addition, everyone have own opinion at the begaining, and we didn't decided which one is best before we start, which led us change ways during the tower-making. Next time, we need to decide a best plan in thr short time and give everyone task, I am sure ehis will help our team have a better performance in the next teamwork.
After the induction part, I have a deep understanding of the University of York, and during the process of the induction programme, I konw more my classmates and my study. Firstly, I konw the details of the courses and the teachers. Besides, the experience shared by the previous students can help us in better learning of the course. Additionally, the supervisor in the supervision group can give us some advice whenever necessary. Moreover, the social event can help us be familiar with each other.The most helpful part for the induction programme is the supervision group. I do like the supervision group and I can ask some advice from my tutor whenever I need the help and my tutor is really kind to us.As for the activities which should be changed, I think maybe the social event, because the students just communicate with the students who they already familiar with. Maybe we can change the form of the social event. And for the activities should be added, from my point of view, it is the introduction of the culture of Britain, because the foreigners are interested in the different culture here. 
The activity of building a tower is the most attrativest to me,because it show our team work ability and know our shortage in it.
The most helpful aspect is how to corporate with group members and how to be a leader to support the development of the group.
all the activities are useful actually. I expected more introductions for each course from teacher, which can help to preview in advance
The activities about team work was helpful,i think it was good.
Everything is useful for myself.
These afternoon sessions are very useful that told me that the importance of team work and creative thinking .
The afternoon sessions introduce us about our study and life in York in the coming terms.The activities are also interesting which really help us to brainstorm ideas and we found we can do a better work as a group than individuals.
I think the mentoring session and Professional training is very important.
I think the group work activities are the most interesting and helpful, which let me make friends with group members and learn how to work better in a group.
I found it useful to reappraise my professional skills after having just spent a year out of university in industry, and that I was able to meet other people from my course during them. I thought that perhaps the academic writing session could have been streamlined a little to reflect the students' prior experience during their undergraduate degrees.
Induction programme helped me to meet people from my course and instantly get friends. Creating invention (from pictures) was perfect way to integrate group. 
The Tower building session was a great way to introduce everybody and get people closer to their course mates. It also mixed in elements of the research process, e.g. effective planning, teamwork etc.
I think each lesson was helping me in different aspects. As I said above, the way to reference was an important discovery for me. But also the very first lesson we had, I think it was interesting to overview the course and the aim of it. In the ""tower of York"" activity, was interesting to view the importance of the coordination and the group roles and, even though we didn't win, I am very happy with the resulting tower.
Again, unfortunately I missed out a lot of activities and some were a bit redundant. The tour of the department seemed very helpful to new students however and all the socials were a great opportunity to meet new colleagues. I also enjoyed how we got a tour of the Music department as well, having not seen most of their work spaces.
I think getting an overview of how the departments work and getting to know some of the members of stuff was very useful. I found the second session about the English Language unnecessary, but I obviously understand its importance as the majority of the students are international, having very different backgrounds.
I found it useful to have team working activities with the other students on the AMT course, it helped us all to get to know one another. 
I found that the induction programme was most useful as an opportunity to get to know the students that I will be studying with this year. It was somewhat useful to hear from the university about what is expected from students at the Masters level. I did find that some sessions where somewhat unnecessary at Masters level. As an example, I was surprised to have a talk on basic writing and research skills, as I assume most students at this level would have complete a dissertation project. However I can see that these session may have been more useful for student from other universities or those that have not studied recently.
Afternoon sessions gave me some information about university life here.  I found library tips and referencing guide are most useful.  
I don't know waht are afternoon sessions and activities.
Maybe the activity to build a paper tower was most helpful for me. It helped me to know a little bit about each other in my programme.
in my opinion , the biggest help for me is how to learn in university of york. professors said we should combine study with play,never studying all the time and never playing instead of learning.the activity of building is a good way to improve the ability of team work spirit and problem-solving ability.
make me confident.
team work is helpful for me
It must be the teamwork on building a highest paper tower. Communication with others, analysis about how to build it, negotiation with teamworker, making assignment help us to become a true manager. 
The sessions not only helped me about the school rules,but also create a great chance for me to make more friends.The group activity was amazing and most helpful .The teacher asked us to combined pictures to create a new object.The relationship between the group members became better.And the friend circle was quickly established.
The two points that Afternoon sessions can best help me are to let me know the syllabus of MSc engineering management in advance and learn the learning experience of several predecessors. Motivate me to be prepared to study in advance, also the internships and work that I may face in the future.I think the course introduction is very useful. Because I can intuitively know the direction and general content of my future year. I don't think of some activities that are suitable for adding, but I think the communication time between the supervisor and the classmates should be longer, which makes it easier to understand each other's background and some learning or life concerns. I hope that this long-term communication can promote the tacit understanding and relationship between the team members and the supervisor. 
They helped me know more about our city, school, my teachers and classmates. Teachers showed me what I will meet in the year ahead and introduced their teaching style. This will help me adapt to the new environment easier. Although I was an IPC student and have known a lot about school, I think the introduction programme still showed me many new things.
I like those activities very much, but I think maybe we can add some activities about personal introduction in it.
They are very useful. I think supervisors meeting is most useful.
I like the Belbin test, but I think it needs some changes. Because some students regarded it as an assignment so that they just finished and they didn't think it is a good way to know themselves and the importance for the future's group work. So I think it is better to let students do that in the class, maybe they will do it seriously in this way. 
I think the activity that a group built a paper tower to hold an orange was most helpful because it made us have a better understanding of the importance and meaning of team work. I think the activities of the induction programme should be arranged in the morning. I think some activities like campus tour should be added.
I think that our teachers told us some important information, such as doing a reference, the structure of the program, teamwork and so on. That is really helpful. And I suppose that the supervisor meeting should be held more, because that is interesting and useful. Besides, It would be wonderful for us to have a class organized by three teachers who stayed with us this week. 
I think the biggest significance of induction programme is that I learned the framework of the course and how to write references. In addition, the supervision meeting is also very meaningful. After the first conversation, I learned that my supervisor is humorous and really want to help us with our study and life. This makes me have more confidence in my future study.
The induction helped me to know what is my course and what I will learn in this whole year. I think all of the induction is useful, and I suggest that the induction about the campus might be added.
The induction let me know the significance of reference, and enhance my writing skills.
I think that teacher to introduced the lessons is really helpful for the students to know our course more specific.
The afternoon sessions let me get value experience from the alumnus, the activity of making tower is really helpful, which lets me have a good chance to communicate and work with my group. The other activities are also good.
I think the afternoon sessions helped me to know about our major,  our courses, it is very helpful,  and build a paper tower is very impressive. it not only helped us to think widely ,but also taught us to manage our time when we need to complete a program. I think all activities are good for us to know about courses.
I prefer morning sessions! 
Again, group activity was great, it helped us to get to know each other even better. The brainstorm of pictures was the best part.
Building tower was very helpful because it needed creativity, cooperation and practice.
I think this course taught me teamwork and innovative thinking. I think the most useful is the activity of developing a product with a few images. Through this activity, I learned the ideas of different members of the group, and I also know how to respect others' opinions and learn the importance of listening. I think that the members of the group activities can not be fixed, which is more conducive to us to absorb different knowledge.
I think that one useful activity would be to introduce each one of the different students to others. I mean, in order to know the backgrounds of all the people around.
More helpful activities is to help us to understand more other academic backgrounds, such as Ph.D. across the academic lectures, personally think that academic is Shared in all areas, there is no independent knowledge, this is very important and often easy to forget, if increase on the basis of these cultural changes, such as the cross in the field of medicine and computer join different cultures, in the British medical data contrast, will be very interesting.
The activities that were conducted during the induction programme helped me to know and understand my coursemates.
I think everything is perfect.
I learned some skills that how to work with a team.In this amazing afternoon, we had our firstgroup activity. What is ""building a bridge""? It sounds simple, butthe raw material is only the most common material around us, paper. This willtest the role of different people in the group, with the leader in charge ofplanning, the thinker in charge of brainstorming, and others in charge ofputting it into practice. This greatly improved team cohesion. Also let usdeepen each other's understanding.
The lecture which taught me how to use the library resources.
The afternoon session have helped me get a feel for team-work based project with a team of indivuduals who come from a wide mix of cultures. This is a good thing as in the work place, one may be expected to be capable of working in a team with professionals who come from different countries, and to be able to focus on an end goal and work efficiently as a team. The main example of this would be the tower building exercise where all we had was paper and tape to make a tower that can balance an orange on top, yet remain stable to outside forces.The activity that could possibly change would be the sessions which required the students to talk among themselves regard a topic, as each time period given to talk to one another was not sufficient to engage on a meaningful level. One suggestion for an activity to be added would be something that could engage with the departments facilities such as the PC labs in order to gain familiarity with those students who are new to the University of York. 
In our activities, I think this is able to expand my idea. So, I think that a activity which we need to build the tallest tower and keep the oranges from falling is very useful.
It gave me a buffer period before the official class.And especially the class about critical thinking and writing skills helped me a lot.
Based on what you did during the induction session and any socializing in the evenings, what can you say about the other students in your supervision group? What are their strengths and weaknesses? How can they help you to achieve your study goals for the programme?  How can you help them achieve their goals? What factors do you feel are essential for successful collaborative learning? 
Innovation task could have done with some introductory activities to get to know the people in the group better. I found the afternoon sessions personally a bit repetitive in terms of 'how to reference' etc as I've done my undergrad in this country and am aware of it. Although, I can see why it may be beneficial to international students.
I found the personal development framework most interesting and important.
The afternoon session helped me familiar with the university. Some important academic skills were also taught in these session which is also helpful. The activity most helpful I think is the meeting of group supervisor. Only thing I think needed to e changed is the time slot of afternoon session. I think it could be little earlier.
The induction programme help we know each other. But I think we need more social activities in the department. I also interested in AMT but only a few chances to get in touch with students who study AMT. 
The team work is most help that can help our know each other fastly.
no
I think the session is helpful in my study.
The most helpful activity for me is to build a towel  together. It is a good way to develop team-work skill and spread our imagination.
The activity that all the group members work together to build a paper tower is the most helpful one.I think the two team activities should be  on the same day. it is better to put all the 
In general, all  inductions are very good because it helped  in my  orientation inside of the university and  how amazing the courses  will be.The helpful activity was for me  when we created a  innovative bussiness with small pieces of paper. I think the all the activities help us a lot.However, the deparment need to add some activities like  participation in sport events because most people like sport  for example  soccer.
During our induction programme, we need to do the mission as a group, which was a rare way in my previous learning experiences. I think it is helpful for us to know each other and improve our team-work ability. I hope that these activities can be added in order to promote the interaction between the students from different background.
From those afternoon sessions,I knew more about my programme.I think Academci skills session was most helpful.If possible,it could be added more.
Well because it's a master programme I think we have to be even more responsable than the undergraduate programme and be more determined. I really liked the resilience and the orange session ones.
I think I have to do more communication with classmate in the future.  And I think there could have more group work.
I think the activity of advertising was the most helpful.It helped us to know each other in group. We worked as a team and knew the strength of a team is greater than that of the individual.Because everyone said what he thinks.
The activity about teamwork is the most effective I think.
I prefer the lecture for teaching us how to write essay. 
in the induction, i make some new friends from other countries and i find that i really like team work and enjoy it. i feel satisfied when we finished a group task. therefore, i really want professors can add more activities related with group, that will be fun.
From the induction programme, I can know the outline of this academic year and some useful skills in living and studying. I really enjoyed the pizza party, the pizzas and drinks are great, but I found that it's a little bit hard to start chatting with people who come from different country. Finally I suggest that there could be more kinds of food instead of only pizzas.
the introduction of e-log and e-learning are important and useful, but I suppose the introduction of the library is not very clear, and it will be good if have some introduction about school's facilities and some recent relevant activities in school, like freshers fair.
Through the 3 day afternoon class, I can make a clear plan to prepare for the week 2 of study and learn some basic learning skills. The most important thing is to help me understand my classmates and make new friends.
I think it told me how to arrange my time about study.
The most impressing session is the course when we were cooperating to build a paper towel to hold an orange. In the course, our supervision group had a deep discussion at first and then we agreed on one method quickly. In the process, we cooperated and interacted with each other very well, which made us succeed to build a tall paper towel! I think this is most helpful and we made friends in the session.
The most helpful is the Handbook, I can know about what my major's assessment is and I also can know the teaching structure of the Engineering Management.
I think the most helpful lesson is about how to use the libery resources. Because I think it is really hard to find the references. And there is one more session that I think is useful. Academic writing. Because the next year we will write a lot of papper and that would help us to finish it.
The final project asked students to work in a group.We can get familiar with each other and exchange ideas.Obviously,I strongly suggest that in some common projects or activities we can change our group members from other groups because we can get opportunity to contact with more people especially foreigners.I mean in some groups they are all from one country.
Let me know the school's architectural layout
yes
Course Introduction
In my supervision,QIqi is a really  creative man who can always find out the efficient way to solve the problems and come up his ideas in a different way.So we used to ask his opinions before we made the final decision.I am the elder brother with more working and social experience in the group,so I usually came up my practical views to achieve the goals during the discussion.I think the well-communication  and open-mind view sharing is the most important things for successful collaborative learning.
I think my supervisor group members are very motivated and we worked very well in the Tower of York Competition. I will seek real feedback from them, which will allow me to quickly realize my weaknesses and improve them. I will take the initiative to help them solve their learning and life difficulties. I think empathy and team responsibility are essential for successful collaborative learning.
1. Many of them have work experiences that enable them to be more creative and have many good ideas in the team work.2. The common strength is that they're positive and enthusiastic during the team work, the bad sides...I‘ve not found yet.3.All of them have their own strengths that enable our work much easier.4. I can always provide creative ideas and help when they need.5. Cooperation and enthusiasm.
They are quite friendly and helpful, so  i think we can realise our study goals at the end of the course.
I think my groupmates are nice. We could have an efficient teamwork. An evidence is that we won the competition of the tower building. Other groups just gave up when they saw our work. I am really proud of that. There are not only one student has the talent of leadership. So that I think there will be a competition or discussion when we need to choose a group leader. I think I am a pragmatic person, so maybe I can correct the error when our group goes wrong. And I would like to help others at any time. The harmonious and mutual understanding are the most important factors.
I am very lucky that each students in my supervision group is very friendly and enthusiastic.They think about things very seriously.Everyone has their own shining point.When we work together to solve the task, everyone can present their own opinions, and I enjoy the collision and combination of each member's thoughts.I think the most important thing in group work is unity. Each member must clearly define their own division and complete each step in order to successfully complete the task.
They have many good ideas which are different with me. They graduated from different department in their first degree, so that combined the different knowledge and used in our team work. They can help me to learn more knowledge from different aspect. And the most important thing in team work is being respect, everyone need to respect others idea and pay attention when they are sharing their idea. On the other hand, I can use English more and more, because I have a teammate who can not speck Chinese. It is one of my purpose to come to England. 
I like them, really. Like the team work.
No doubt teamwork is important, no one can do the works by himself. In my supervision group consist of different nationalities, for me how to speak and work with them is a big challenge, but i have faith in myself. I think achieving everyone greatest value is the most important issue in the collaborative.
During I get along with mu supervision group,I find that all my group members are very outstanding,and some of them have lots of working experiences.I think I can acquire many knowledge when I work with my group.As we just work together for two times,they might have some strengths and weakness I haven't find now,but we have lots of chance to work together that we can learn more from each other which can help us to become better than before and help us to achieve our goals together.In the collaborative learning,I think a good communication is very important to let the other know your idea,besides that,learn how to compromise also play an important part in the teamwork,it can make the collaboration more efficient.
My supervision group is filled with a variety of students who have all the elements that are needed to be a successful engineering manger. The group is filled with the one who gives the ideas, the other who takes forward the idea/concept and takes it to a new level, the one who supports the entire technical and analytical aspects of the plan and with me in the group , I can do a good monitoring and reflective thinking about the idea. With all these qualities in the group, I am sure we can be a ideal supervision group. 
During the induction,  my group is extremely unity and creativity. Everyone had there own strengths, for instance , Siyang and Jizun were really smart and innovative ,they can always thought different methods and ideas about our tasks;shuai is careful and he usually add some important suggestions during our program; Tianyu is activity and social, he can help us to finish our  communication that we need. Shuaishuai is another girl in my group except I ,she is good at operation and some difficult manual operations were depend on her.As for me ,I maybe do well in coordinating everyone during the session and make plan in advance.Finally ,our team gained the top 2 during the session by our efforts and we are very happy.Of course,  the most essential thing is teamwork,  everyone had a same goal-------victory.We got it! 
In our group, there are 5 people without me, they are kind and we can get the same way in our goals in teamwork during the induction. In our group, everyone has their good ideas and they have strong personal skills. We develop our team and achieve our goal easily in the induction activity. However everyone major in the different subject, there will be some idea without feasibility. but we can solve it in time. Presently I think that I'm in a fantastic group. We can do better and find more advantage from others and do better even the best in our programme. As for me, I play a team-worker in our own group, maybe in the future, I can combine our group members well and I can do the things they may ignore such as some details in the work. I will learn as I can go in this year of our group.
in my group, everyone is creative and is good at implementing the plan, we are all positive to share our ideas. and of course we have problems during the teamwork, I think we can integrate better once by once. their passion actually affects me and I think it is the role we play for each other to help and encourage at any time. 
Someone are good at communication, someone are good at create original ideas, someone are able to execute practical matters. Everyone need exert strength of their selves.
The members of our group are all very enthusiastic, and each of them has their own strengths, such as strong hands-on ability, excellent organizational and leadership ability, and also good at giving advice. We are in a study group, everyone can play the special skills to help students in need. They can help me broaden my vision and think better. I can help my classmates improve their organizational skills. I think the most important ability in cooperation is execution.
Our supervision group is very creative and innovative with a lot of different people coming from the different city of China. We have really enjoyed our team-time to chat and to corporative to do the project or even after that we chatted a lot for sharing our life experience. Their strengths are patience and nice, while the weaknesses are lack of leadership and too many questions. Through teamwork and continuous communication, they can help me learn more about future courses. I can help the team better achieve the goal through some creativity and the ability to quickly find resources.
I find that all students in our group are very individual, so it can be easy to get some creative ideas, but it may also be difficult to collaborate. In order to achieve our goals in the next three terms, I want to be the person who can ease the atmosphere within the group. I think it is necessary for a group to be more efficient.
We have just seen each other once or twice, and I think everyone is helpful and smart.
I think they are deiligent and reliable. They are good at finding resource and originazing, but their capacity of speaking is a little bit poor, so do I. So I think we should work hard to overcome it. I can think more logically and manipulate knowledge whin real cases together. I think unity is very important to a group, and everyone has to devote to a group intially.
I am in group 15, and I only saw two members. I think they need to work hard, one of them is my pre-master classmate he almost failed to pass the foundation course. Because there are only two of them are here , I could not make an accurate identification about them. Because my major in undergraduate is engineering management, I could give them some professional basics answers and help them with professional skills. They must work hard they may not know in this period they should do more and more to pass the module.
First of all, our members of the same group are all from the same country. The advantage is that we have the same culture and thinking mode that is conducive to our usual communication. Secondly, in the undergraduate room, each of us comes from different majors, so that everyone can communicate and solve each other when encountering problems in different fields. Our current goal is to hope to get a degree smoothly, so we will develop what we need to do every week, and practice and improve it before the team's results are displayed. I think the most important point of successful collaborative learning is communication. When everyone encounters any problem, communication is the first, which can help us to complete the task better.
Some students finished the undergraduate courses in the UK,so their English is very good.some students was major in relevant major,so they have some professional fundation.We can learn the knowledge of undergradute course in the process of cooperation or chatting. I think the essential factor is respect.we need to respect others thoughts.
In group four, every member are good at listening others thoughts, and everyone has imagination, but their weakness i haven't found. I think the most helpful way is sharing our own thoughts, and adopting lots of useful thoughts. The essential factors for successful collaborative learning are mutual understanding and the same goal.
I have to say all of my team members are excellent and it is my honour to be in a team with them. Some of them have learned engineering area before, so it will be an excellent opportunity for me to learn from them. Some of them learned construction before, that is good because I learned construction area as well, which means, in the future we will have some common points to make conversation and talk. In universities, team work is important, because while doing team work together, I can learn from others and improve my personal skills simultaneously. 
I think that the students in my supervisory group have their own advantages. Some people are creative, some have executive power, and their performance is outstanding. Even if everyone has their own opinions, We can still accomplish the required tasks very well.They can give me a lot of opinions and find that my shortcomings make me better. If I have difficulties in my studies, I can ask for their help. I can also give advice to them at the same time.I think the most important thing in collaborative learning is that the division of labor is clear and you can listen to others' opinions.
Some students in my supervision group have strong learning ability, but their interpersonal skills are weak. While some get along well with others and make others feel happy. I think we should learn from each other and help each other in our study and life.
Yu Qin have a high standard  for the work result, so she can urge us to have better works.Yuxi Yang and Yujia Xue can creat new idea.Jing Tang and Hanjie Zheng Strong power on implement
Compared with me, they are pretty creative, and we have different type of characters. As we have konw some basic information about each other, we major in different subject in the past, and I do think we can do better in group work. They have the strengths in technical skills but they donnot konw more about the business. Therefore, we can help each other in different area to solve the problem better. For example, they can help me in technical problems and I can help the others in accounting or marketing problems.As for the important factors for the teamwork, maybe the most difficult thing is the cooperate. We should cooperate with each other, otherwise, we cannot finish our task well.
I think my peers are good at spoken english and they can help me to improve my spoken english.It is essential to help each other as a team,as we need to achieve a common goal.
Everyone have their own special thinking and  be willing to spare no effort to support the group.We lack a leader to unify everyone 's opinions to form the final result.Everyone should share their opinion with each other and find a leader  to organize the member of the group.
1.Really different personality characteristics from teammates.2.Strengths:good execution  weakness：not great at communication3.help each other：give more suggestions and more opportunities to find a new mind for the case4.factors:communication, to be a good listener, trust each other, patient，good team work...
Their respect each other and work together.Weaknesses are they need to more creative and accept different advice. yes ,they can help me and i can help them.I think listen ,respect,and work together are essential factors. 
My supervision group is great,everyone has different skills which can help us success.And I think communication is essential for success.
On the induction session I joined the discussion and provided my ideas . My partners are very nice and clever .They also can find more useful ways to solve problems . But we've know each other for one week so I don't know much about their strength and weakness . They encourage me to find more new ways to solve some difficult problems and to achieve my goals . I think independent study and summarize our mistakes are quite import during our studies . 
Everyone in our group is kind and lovely.they are good at being a listener,however,sometimes they just keep their thoughts.They bring me different ways of thinking and so do I.I think it's very important to get everyone involved and don't dare to express yourself.
I think the other students in the supervision team are very smart, they are very fluent in spoken English, there is no obstacle to communication, and their attitude is very sincere. Their weakness is that they may not know much about our level of learning and the professionalism of the course, so there is no way to help us plan quickly. I feel that we need to understand each other's English level and each other's strengths and weaknesses, know what each person is best at, so that we can reasonably find the positioning of each member, so as to make a clear division of labor and do the best.
I  believe that all of my groupmates are very creative and helpful. Though I lead the two group activities, my group members surpport me a lot. Xin Liu is a person who talk very little but do a lot. Xiaoli Ma always concentrate on details and can point out some problems of the work. Weijia Huang is creative and active. And Yutong Liu is determined to work and always has some unique ideas. I always have a plan, but I am not very careful. My groupmates can support me and make up my weakness, and I can lead them to great work. In my opinion, I think that taking right position in a group and working hard are very important factors.
I do not feel that we were able to interact enough in the context of our broader course material in order for me to make many of these kinds of judgements. However, they are all friendly, which seems fundamental for successful collaborative learning.
People from my course are generally well prepared for masters course. They have big interdisciplinary knowledge that can be helpful in various situations. Moreover most of them have job experience. Combining our different experience and knowledge, we can create quite interesting cooperations at the university as well as after classes. In my opinion, the most important factor for successful collaborative learning is thirst of knowledge .
I think I may struggle with some of the iOS programming but I have already made friends with people who are willing to help as much as possible and even a few people who may want to start a band/ play music together.
Especially in my programme, luckily we are a very diverse group with very different backgrounds and cultures. In my case, I have a more artistic background with a music bachelor and I was afraid of the more ""mathematical subjects"". But now I know that in my course there are a physician or an electronic engineer who can help me easily with that. On the other hand, they haven't a music background and I will be able to help them when they need it.
Thankfully most are sociable which I find is one of the most helpful criteria's for collaborative work. It's hard to judge things like their quality of work or willingness to collaborate on group work this early, however, as I've mentioned before, a great deal of them seem friendly and sociable, and I feel like a good sense of camaraderie is key to stay motivated.
I think the most important qualities in a team are good communication and mutual understanding. It is very essential for the members to be able to express their thoughts on the project without being ""shy"", while also expressing concern when they feel uncomfortable with a certain part of a project. At the same time people need to understand what their strengths and weaknesses are in order to find their most appropriate role as part of the project. As much as it is important to have a friendly relationship with your co-workers, it is also essential for all to be professional.
Communication, especially effective communication. That was something that we are pretty good at at the moment, but it is key to us working well as a team, and could help our individual study goals. 
I enjoyed meeting the other students of AMT. I believe that we all have common interests and an enthusiasm for the subject. I think there is a lot of opportunity for us to help each other study goals as we have a wide range of experiences. Those of us who are returning York students generally have a good level of programming experience and familiarity with software packages used on the course (MATLAB and Pure Data), where others do not have such experience. I look forward to being able to share my knowledge in this area with less experienced students. One area I have previously struggled is with my maths knowledge. Having spoken with the other students on the course I am aware that some have a stronger background in maths and hope that this is also area that we can share knowledge.
I didn`t have enough chance to evaluate their weaknesses.  However, I saw that most of them are interested in music recording and producing.  Some others majored in physics or electronic engineering.  Also one of them has some experience in coding.  People from various backgrounds can help and improve each other when they understand their differences.
I didn't participate induction, I arrived late due to visa issue.
Some of them are native speakers and other students are all better at English then me. Maybe I can learn a lot more about English from them. And some of them are not quite good at programming, I guess I can help them with codes because of my software programming background.
their hands-on ability is pretty good,  we can communicate with each other easily and be happy to listen to others ideas.but we are all lack of leadership. in the next year ,we should help each other and one should set the aim,others should work hardly to reach the aim.
They are friendly.When we played games together,they will encourage me when i came up with a good idea and can think other thoughts.If i think their thoughts are good ,we will do it together.I think the ability to communicate and trying to understand different thoughts are essential.
They were all unforgettable even though there were two man absent in the session and we met eacn other at the supervisor session. Actuaaly we didn't know each other deeply so I cannot judge them.I think communication and negotiation are essential for successful collaborative learning.
In my supervision group,there are three male and three female.Although we came from different places,people are very friendly and outgoing.    Through short moments together,I found they are all creative.They all had different ideas in the activity.But because they did't draw well,the good ideas could't be fully expressed.    To achieve our goals,we can help each other.Be honest with others.Be kind to others.    I think the key to collaborative learning is the relationship between group members.It's easy to succeed when we have common goals.
The students of my supervision group are friendly and knowledgeable. Two of my team members have several years of work experience, which I admire.I think their strengths are polite and modest, and the background of professional knowledge is strong. Some minor drawbacks are that the expression of English is not very smooth. Because many of them are studying abroad for the first time, this is also a very common problem.I think they can use the rich work experience and knowledge background to coordinate and distribute good work in the group, as well as the control of the timeline. So for me, I can learn from their experience in developing a learning plan to better carry out my own learning.I can help them to communicate with foreign friends to learn the expression of English because language is the basis of all learning, so without good English expression will be very inconvenient.I think there are four factors that improve collaborative learning. The first point is to promote teamwork and build a teamwork environment. The second is to establish a common team goal. The third point is to constantly improve the organization and system that is compatible with teamwork. The fourth point is to focus on teamwork and enhance teamwork.
I think my teammates are all enthusiastic and friendly, we talked about our bachelor degrees and our hobbies. I think some of them have similar experience with me. Hao Wang and I both have worked a few years before we come here, the others never worked but their hachelor degree is more close to engineering management than me.I think we are still not knowing each other enough and we can collaborate much better after we tudy together for a few months.  
I think our group is very active and full of creativity, but lack of action, I am a person who like doing more than talking, so maybe we can complement each other.
they are helpful and friendly. Strengths : full of passion ,daring to come up with different ideas. I can learn a lot from the merits of them.When they meet some difficulties in study, I will try my best to help them. Critical thinking of team member.
I think that other students often have great ideas, which is helpful to complete the program. On the other hand, there are lots of thoughts and ideas in a group, which is difficult to achieve agreement.
I think I need some time to be familiar with them to know their advantages and weakness so that I can know how can they help me to achieve my study goals for the programme. I think the most essential thing is that we need similar goals for the programme so that we can make effort together.
They are all people with talents and very friendly. I am not sure about their strengths and weaknesses now because I'm just getting to know them. They can provide some useful advice when I come through difficulties and answer my questions. I can help them in return in the same way. I think the willingness of  helping each other is essential for successful collaborative learning.
There are different kinds of  Jung Typology groupmates in my supervision group. And I believe that we should find a right way to make our group united more and be more effective in our researches in the future. there is no doubt we all have strengths and weakness. to be honest, now I do not familiar with my groupmate, so after some time, I will get the answers. my groupmates are very kind and work hard, I believe we can do a good a job with each other's support. My styles are TW and CO with a creative skill. May I can be inclined to clash with shapers due to their contrasting management styles and be a useful guy to have in charge of our team with diverse skills. Besides, I can solve the conflicts among the teamwork. in addition, I can provide some creative ideas for my group. And I think to work hard, teamwork and creation are essential factors for the success. 
At present, I think my group members are very thoughtful and have strong executive ability. I'm glad to be a member of the group with them. I hope we can finish all the assignments smoothly in the future.
They are excellent and full of intelligence, i think the strength is all of us are creative, and the weakness may be we have too much ideas,but we cannot decide the final one until the challenge was finish. We will support each other. Faith and courage.
All of them have original idea, and very brave to express own opinions.
I didn't attended the event .
Hui has good manipulative ability.Wen and Qi are good at expressing.Dan has good ability of organization.
I think the other students in my group are great, Martin is like a brother lead us to finish our work, Qi always think in a different way, to sell  smart pillows was her idea, and  Lin is a hard worker and give us her opinions in discussion, daisy and harry also are  important parts in our group ,we always have different views about something which is very  great for a group.we can help each other when we study as a group , I am like a co-ordinator in this group, and they help me to think big ,to think in a different way.i think the main factor is teamwork, it is very important for a group .     
Martin is good at organizing and planning.His language is also very good.I think he will help me in language.Harry is a exquisite man,and he maybe more focus on details.Ling is an easy-going girl. Miao and Zilin are good at expand our ideas,and can understand others quickly. 
BOSHU JIN:He is a very good leader. He is the brother of our group. He can give advice and lead us in time.HUAQING LI:He is very careful and is a good performer.LIN WANG:Her character is very good, she is very friendly with everyone, and is the team's glue.MIAO CHEN:She has her own ideas and has good execution.QI CHEN:She has work experience, a lot of ideas, and the ideas found in the shortcomings are good and feasible.I want to say that let us help each other and play our own strengths in the future study and life. If there are problems, we must communicate in time. We will help each other, work together and promote each other. We will succeed.
Lacking of confidence in English speaking, unless I encourage them to do so, otherwise they would simply communicate in Chinese. Another thing is some people are quite shy. So I try to encourage them and set goals; make proper plans and clarify the responsibility, so that other people would not feel too much pressure upon the tasks.
My group mates are all nice and smart.  Although sometimes we argued and had different views and ideas, we helped and tolerated each other to finish our work successfully.     To achieve our goals,we have to cooperate and share our ideas.   In my opinion, tolerance is the most important factor.
In my group, the division of labor is very clear. Some people are responsible for coordinating. Some are responsible for implementing someone responsible for creativity. Everyone is willing to give advice to our team. However, on some issues, there will be differences of opinion. Disagreements will make the discussion stagnant. This is a problem that we need to solve in the future.I think that when my thoughts are in the early stages, my members will push me to think deeply.I think my execution is a good factor in the group. I can quickly understand the members’ ideas and put them into action.I think listening, embracing and respecting other people's ideas, every idea has to be supported by sufficient evidence. I think this is the key to success.
This is related to my last answer. I think that ""strengths"" and ""weakness"" weren't approached.
Complete the study plan contains a lot of content, including different people's help, it can be from the resources of the school, students share or online case, but the problem is also many, such as most of our school team are using the English text, but before my degree of access to the programming of the text is Chinese explanation, this requires that I spend a lot of time to understand each other and use between the two, although will cost a lot of time, but some students help and explain, can solve all these problems, some strange questions, such as, PCB tools before I don't know what is completely,I will not be mentioned during my one-year study in the UK. However, as my future work requires, my study plan must cover this part, which requires me to look for school resources and online help.
They are really innovative and they react to the situation which will be really helpful when we work as a team for our projects.
Because of my visa problem, I did not attend the activity, but I communicated with my classmates in the formal class. The learning atmosphere of the members in the group made me excited. I think it will be a serious and rigorous year of study.As I have learned some basic knowledge during my undergraduate study, I can communicate with team members technically, and I will have some new ideas, and I look forward to sharing with them in my study
Now we are not very familiar, I think I need time to understand them, but only now, we are an excellent team.In the shocking group activities, Irealized the strength of our group and also the different personalities of thegroup members. They have different role characteristics. For example, theleader. As it was only the first week, I did not observe the shortcomings ofthe team members. Only two of them were absent for some reasons. Personally, nostudent will show their negativity in the first week, because it's a positiveweek for everyone because everyone wants to meet new people. For therealization of the goal, when we confirmed the common goal, the team memberswork together to make me feel encouraged.In my opinion, if you want to besuccessful, you should first make yourself strong and improve the team. Inother words, small steps lead to big steps.
We can help each other to achieve our own goals.
After meeting with my supervision group, I was pleasantly surprised by the mix of cultures/background, yet share the came culture with one of the students in my group. It is positive as it gives familiarity and we can work more efficiently as team members, and this is definitely a strength to contribute to group projects that we can both share. There were two students from China that I had the pleasure of meeting, but one weakness that could come into play would be the language barrier that is present. However, this can be resolves with experience, and it is very early in the programme, so both me and the international students can adapt and bond in order to produce effective results. With the international students in question, I can offer an opportunity to help them with said language barrier, and give them experience in working with someone from a different culture. This can work both ways for myself and the fellow student from my culture to give everyone experience.
In our group, they have a lot of interesting ideas and also have strong hands-on skills. I think in my group that they will improve my English skill and expand my ideas. maybe interaction, communication, solving-problems, leadership and so on are very important.
They speak English very well and they are willing to express themselves although we are not  familiar now.I think they might improve my expression ability by chatting with them,and I would respect their opinions in any situation.Communication is the key in a group,I think.
Well i think first important thing is language as in my group there are 2 Chinese and 2 British and i am very helpful that they have good confidence even though we cannot talk with them as much but i know if we try to start helping each other then it will be the best group in our whole session we have to overcome our weaknesses by supporting each other and that's what i want from everyone.
I think international students are a bit shy/hesitant to talk so communication is definitely a weakness. A strength was that we worked well in a timed activity (paper tower for an orange) and came together in terms of ideas.
My first observation about the group I belong is communication (language) barrier. Due to the diverse nationalities that are represented, It is some how difficult for some folks in the group to put their thoughts and inputs into an assigned task with the use of English language to comprehension level. However, their strength lies in the obvious fact that one could notice the zeal in them to get better and improve, couple with the fact they could be technically minded. As a person, having noticed this challenge, I have a called a meeting, on how to improve our communication skills in English language so as to enable the group work going on without hindrances. This we have done. I think team working spirit, resilience, commitment and determination are essential for collaborative learning. 
As one of the youngest student in the group, many of them have much more working or studying experience than me. Therefore, it is difficult to evaluate them. They have abilities to solve the real-world problem which I do not have. However, I could communicate with each member of the group and help them with the discussion. The most important thing for successful learning is the discovery of the drawbacks of ourselves. Due to that, it is possible for us to improve our weakness.
The other students in my supervision group are good at English language skill, but they seem not very good at EE. I can help them learn C language and circuit design by using experience in work for the industry. When I was in China, I also gave guest lectures in universities. I think one of the important things for collaborative learning is we need to know where each other is good at. So that we can get the highest efficiency and learn more.
They are good at English so they can help me understand the purpose of programme. And I think the co-operation is essential for successful collaborative learning.
I do not know
I think my teammate have different advantage in the major, and a successful collaborative learning may be each teammate can play their role in the team well and have a good communication.
They are all talkative and thoughtful. However, we are weak in teamwork.They can share their thoughts and discuss the differences. 
i think all of them are good.ALEX and ALEJANDRO are good at thinking of a new idea and sharing the idea with others.FENG,GAO and SUN are good at putting ideas into practice.They can provide me with new ideas to achieve your study goals. I can help them find the best part of their ideas，mix them up，and  get  the mos t suitable idea for the goal. TEAM WORK  ，good communication and cooperation might be three important factors  for successful collaborative learning
Really, I am  happy to meet them because I can learn  a lot from them and their culture. I can observed that we have  three  strengths which are  imagination , creativity and organization. Our weaknesses are   communication and security.my team  can help me with debating  with different topic of different courses and enlarging my vision of courses.Finally to pass the programme with success. Essential  is recognize  our strengths in the  team and working as one piece and improve our weaknesses.
In my supervision group, we come from different countries and we received different education  modes. I found the other students prefer to think and they are more creative than me. They can always came up with different suggestions and they all had a good leadership ability. I hope I can also improve those abilities through our collaboration. In terms of  factors that are essential for successful collaborative learning, I think they are trust each other, help each other, take personal responsibility and so on.
I think some of them have many ideas and they can speak English fluently.However I thick I lack creativity skill.I can improve this skill and I can also improve my spoken English.I think communication with each other  is essential for successful collaborative learning.
I think I'm very lucky with the team I got, we are all from different countries, from Peru, China and Spain and I think that it's going to help and teach us a lot from different cultures. The team members strengths are good knowledge and hard work and as weaknesses I would say the capability to share opinions but it's normal because we only know each other for a week and with time everything will improve.
My group has two foreigner people, I think they will help me to improve my English, and may I can improve their English.  but now our communication is a little difficult.  We have different culture, different thinking, I think that will help us be successful.
I think the other students in my supervision group are very nice.We are all from China and don't have cultural differences.But I think we should speak English to each other ,which can help us practice spoken English.I guess having a common goal is the most essential factor for successful collaborative learning.
They are creative but they are poor of time management. Their creative thinking can help me to think in an innovative way.
All other students in my supervision group have different strengths. We should always work together to make sure that all of us can use our own strengths to make our teamwork perfect and achieve everyone's goal. We should create a group with trust.
all my group mates are very friendly and nice.they have different specialities, for example, one of the girls is good at social contact who can let us know each other faster, as for one of the boys,  his undergraduate major was civil engineering which can improve our efficiency in the game of The Tower. so i think they have a lot of things to learn for me.
My supervision group mates are very friendly, I think we could be a effective team. And I am very willing to help them if they need.
I found many classmates are learned in the different major during their undergraduate studies, it means we have specialized knowledge in our own area, and we can learn a lot from each other. The communication skill is the key factor. we still meet some problems in language, and we need to improve.
Most of my classmates are Chinese, so many times we are used to communicating with each other in Chinese. I think this is a weakness of all Chinese students. This is because Chinese is our native language, it allows my partners to understand my ideas more clearly. However,  we came to the UK and I hope that I can use English more skillfully. Therefore, I hope that both my partners and I can manage ourselves and use English more in our study life.
they are very nice and giving me many fantastic ideas.
I must say that other students in my supervision group are very creative. They always have good ideas and inspire us a lot. What's more, they are very cooperative and friendly which makes our task finished smoothly. As for weaknesses, I think their opinions or views sometimes are a little childish. I think they can help me have views of different perspectives, and I can help them to be more realistic. I think the attitude and honesty are the most important factor of successful collaborative learning.
In my supervision group, I met five different new friends. They all came to university of York for their own purposes. I believe we all chose this university for the purpose of gaining more experience. Therefore, I believe that we can help each other very well.
I have to say they are good but I still need time to find more about them I don’t think I can know them at all within few days.
Different students have different think.Some students can consider the real condition of project,others ignore feasibility of their idea. That is a efficient group activity because we can get familar with each other.In the future,I can avoid some problems with them owing the fact of knowing their characteristic.I think time management is important for collaborative learning.
no advice    
supervisor can provide many information to us 
In my group, most of the members have moderate preference of Feeling over Thinking,so we always can come up our real feeling and opinions at the first time we face the problems. And all of us are willing to open our minds to each other during the discussion,which makes our team work efficiently.My team role of ""Teamworker"" seams like that I can always accept other people' idea easily and creative my opinion comprehensively.
In this test, I showed that I tend to play Coorinator and Monitor Evaluator in teamwork, both of which are very similar to my own personality. But I don't think that my shortcomings are that I have no creativity and no ability to motivate others. I think that the advantages of these two roles ,treating others equally as well as respectfully and objective evaluating ideas of the pros and cons, are more important in the future teamwork.
Maybe I will play the role as ""monitor evaluator"" as the result said, I think it is correct.
Through 360-degree evaluation,  my personality is a team worker. I think i can fit well with my group and cooperate with them.
I think the similarities can make our team more efficient, and the differences will obstruct our progress. But we can improve ourselves when we face a tough situation.
We should be good at listening and accepting others' opinions and come up with an excellent solution.
In our group, we didn't talk about this part in the first week.
We got a good team work.
I am good at giving innovation ideas, i can play an role help my teammates to create an special ideas.
Everyone have their own abilities,we can use our own abilities in the teamwork and it can help us to resolve the problem faster than before.As we have some similarities,it is easy for us to communicate with each other and our thoughts or ideas might become more similar, which may let us work together more smoothly.The differences make us have different perspective in the same thing,which really help us to resolve the problem and overcome the difficulty.When we work as a group,we can have more different solutions to make our products or project become better.
With everyone in the group possessing some of the qualities required to be a engineering manager in the future, we still need to work on a lot of things and aspects that are required. Sure there will be some similarities and differences in the group,but we need to work on all those things and create a plan that would be better for everyone in the future.
I think that it is a common sense and a important factor there are differences in a group ,in this way, everyone could show their strengths and we could finish a project better.On the other hand,some similarities during our group is also helpful ,which could improve our efficiency and we can be better by our communication and learn.
Our group has not shared the Jung Typology Test yet, but if we have some questionnaires in Team Roleplay, for my situation I will separate the team project and the work into different members and that we all have the 2nd role in the test, we will discuss and balance everyone to do the right things and play the role which each member want to do.
I belong to Extraverted Sensing Thinking Perceiving.
Everyone plays a different role in the group. We should learn from others' strengths to make up for our shortcomings and give play to our strengths
In our group, we have a lot of different personality team members, we can use different strengths to complement each other to achieve better teamwork. 
My group have 5 people, but I have just seen two of them, they are very outgoing, helpful and active. I think we can do a good job this year. But I don't know about the other 2 person. And I don't know what should we do if they never shown up. Whether our group will do the project by us 3 while the other groups all have 6 people.
I think they are deiligent and reliable. They are good at finding resource and originazing, but their capacity of speaking is a little bit poor, so do I. So I think we should work hard to overcome it. I can think more logically and manipulate knowledge whin real cases together. I think unity is very important to a group, and everyone has to devote to a group intially.
First of all, our team comes from the same nationality. This will make our ideas about the problem more unified, and communication is relatively easy. But this may cause our English to progress slowly. Secondly, each of us has a different undergraduate degree, so there may be multiple solutions when encountering problems. This is a good phenomenon. I think I can be responsible for helping the team to communicate with each other, checking that the formatting requirements of our writing are correct, as well as assigning each part of the work that everyone is responsible for, and helping the team to finalize the task.
I will come up with new ideas.
In the test, I am a ESFJ. (sorry, i don't understand the meaning of question).
I have no preference about any types of team roles, because I think all of them are important and crucial. While we working together, we should come up ideas to achieve coordination and logical thinking.
I have objectivichtive thinking which help me make a reasonable decision, and I have strong power on implement.
Every member of our supervision group have different type of the characters. And due to we have quite different skills, so, we can cooperate with the others. As a results, our strengths can be stronger than before and we can also make up our weaknesses. Due to we have different specialty, we can work in the area of our strengths can avoid the area of the weaknesses.  Therefore, we can get a better result.
To some people,they may be outgoing.However,to another people,they may be shy.If someone would like to accept other opinion and advice,it is not a diffcult thing to change themself.
I think we will have a specific destination to organize the study and some other activities in group. 
Note below the top five skills you want do develop during your year here - they can be skills in the generic skills list or others (such as improving your English).  Add any explanation you want to add to each.
Everyone can play to their strengths in the group.
Similarities can help us have some same ideas and differences can help us be more objective.
If I want to work as a group I need respect my partners and respect their viewpoints . 
TW, I think I am always a mild and sociable person.
Different types of personalites of different people may lead to conflicts, but we can solve it and work smoothly.
i have the strong willing to think more ,but i am lack of the ability to consider comprehensively。
I think there has to be a leader in the team.
I am a teamworker, completer and finisher. I am extaverted, intuitive, feeling and judging.It implicates that I am a good listener and diplomat which play roles in communication and negotiation, at the same time, I am extraordinarily careful that I must finish a programme instead of trust anyone else.
Different people belong to different kinds.The same thing is that our goals should be the same, we need to work together in one team.But different roles in one team is also necessary.We need to take on different responsibilities,such as the leader and team worker.
I haven't done Jung Typology Test yet, but I will do it in the near future and share the results with my team members. I think it's a good thing to have similarities between team members, even the opposite is a happy thing. Because similar team members can supervise and improve each other, and dissimilar members can make up for each other's missing places, thus improving the team's work efficiency.
The result of the test showed that I was good at test results in a team and I was not good at encourage my teammates. I'm not agree with the result of the test because I think I also can provide many ideas when we meet problems and I think I can encourage my teammates when they need.I think different characters in a team can lead to a good result because they can make up the difference between each other. If there are too many group members have same character, it may cause contradiction between them because they focus on the same point and may have different opinions which may influence the atmosphereand  the performance of the team.
I think I can get on well with my group member.
It means that the members of team can come up different ideas which can cultivate critical thinking.
I will know them deeply based on these questionnaire results so that I can know how should I do in the future for keeping group harmony.
The similarities in personality will help us get along well with each other. The differences in ability will make the group tasks that require multiple ablities easier.
Just like Tony taught us, different  Jung Typology styles have a different demand in a group. So i think there are two ways to solve the problem. Firstly, we should make the strengths bigger and make the weakness smaller. Secondly, I think every groupmates should do some adapt for group according to the reality situation in our group. For example, one of my groupmate is a shaper, she may generate action and thrive on pressure and increase our efficiency of a project. In the meantime, if she offends others, we should pardon her. At last, keep together and work hard together it will lead us to get a great progress.
I think I will be the same role as my test, the completer, to foster a sense of urgency within a team.
Everyone have own merits and demerits, we can complement each others.
I think the benefits for us is that we all have different skills that can makes the team more effective.
To study the advantage of others and to make up my deficiency depending on others' superiorities.
I think I can have more creative thinking, to be a better team-worker.
Yeah,I think we will be a great team.
I think everyone's similarities are that they can listen to others' opinions very seriously. I have seen people who have no ideas but can't listen to others' opinions. I think such people are not good for group development in the group. Fortunately, there are no such people in our group. Everyone can actively express their own ideas and are willing to accept the opinions of others and make a good combination of everyone's opinions. This is very beneficial for our group's future study.
Done that part. But I have to point out that a great team should be consists of all kinds of people. 
I am not sure about this.
I think there is a very good leader in my group, and I think he can assign tasks to everyone according to their strengths. I hope that I can do the work of an executor in the group. I also hope that I can help you get back to the right track when everyone's ideas are unclear.
This would be very useful. By this is possible to know better the other students, their ideas and knowledge.
Individual work and team work division of main difference lies in how to deal with and the potential problems, personal work is tend to ignore the potential problems, only when it is encountered in dealing with problems, but work as a team we can't make everyone along with the process of the team at any time change, this will increase the difficulty that work, so we need to potential problems and the analysis of the main route to come out, and then step by step test and analysis.
With people from different background studying together it is good to know about them in person when working in groups. By due time course we will build as great team to achieve our study goals.
I think the differences in the group will make the discussion more meaningful, and you can choose the right one among the different opinions
Seeking common ground while putting aside differences. Working together with different styles of people may make work more productive, but sometimes there is a tension between the solution of a problem.The individual believes that this problemis ambiguous. Even if an individual does not present his or her role test, heor she will be cashed out in team activities. For example, the thinker, oftenindependent thinking, has the ability to brainstorm; a leader has the abilityto lead a team to victory. In other words, testing is only a small aspect, andpeople are going to progress, and can not limited to a small test. Students needto step out of their roles if they want to improve. Since there are teammembers who do not participate in the activities, students need to influencethe overall situation with their own ability.
My Team Role preferences according to the questionnaire were Teamworker and Completer-finisher. Though the results of each test were not shared with my supervision group, one can speculate that a team role preference such as Teamworker would be good if it was common among the team members due to reach a goal in a group is a joint effort. However, if too many members share the exact same preference, this would cause conflict within the group and too many members would try to add input into the same category, and would cause ideas/work to overlap.
Because we are not the same country, we have different languages and my English is not good, we have difficulty to communicate each other. But I certainly improve my English to solve this problem.
I will put forward to my own opinions and communicate with them actively.
You have distinct preference of Extraversion over Introversion (72%)You have slight preference of Intuition over Sensing (22%)You have moderate preference of Thinking over Feeling (53%)You have distinct preference of Judging over Perceiving (62%)
I am a coordinator and team leader/player. I didn't get a chance to discuss with my group. But I do think it's important to have different personalities in the group as this will keep the group in harmony. 
It could slow down the pace of work or not being able to achieve results if there are lots of differences in our orientation.
In a team, the similarity will make the communication more easier, therefore, the efficiency of the team will be improved. However, the differences is also needed to produce variety of different possible solutions. 
Role-playing is vital in the team and believes in others as well. If the team is grouped by the same type of people, the idea might be limited. So what we need to do is make a clear and reasonable division of work to let everyone in the most suitable position.
When a team have differents ideas, we need to talk with each other and decide a good idea to do it together.
I don't know
Different is a important thing in the team because we can get different idea in the communication and get the best to deal with problem. But the similarities is also important, because we should reach a consensus in some problem.
Group members think in different way. IT can offers the chance to find a good idea.
Extravert(22%)  INtuitive(62%)  Thinking(22%)  Judging(50%). I really like to learn with debate in group. I prefer to be a coordinator.As group we are going to work very well because I can see that each of us have different talent. We only need to coordinate our habilities in harmony.
Many of my teammates are talented in creating and the results showed that they all tend to be a good leader. So I think that I will have a good improvement when we work together.
I have already done on the previous link.
We can use our advantages to help each others, then every one will be improved.
I think that if i don't fully understand myself,others will be even less able to understand myself. If so, the task assignment will be unreasonable.
My Jung Typology Test is ESTJ. I have moderate preference of Extraversion over Introversion.
We should know each other as more as possible. After that we could do everything the best.
in my opinion, people with different personalities can promote each other in the one group, which means we can play our respective strengths in the assignment and get great grade. of course, people with similar personalities can be more easily to communicate with each other, they may have the same idea or thinking modules, which could finish assignment effectively. so, i think that no matter what kind of character, we all need to listen to others' opinions actively and give our own opinions, that will help us do assignment better.
If I can get a role that is my strength or I was used to play in the group, that would be efficient. However, if I got a role that I never played before, it is OK for me as well, because I have a new opportunity to improve myself.
Teamwork allows me to better identify my own problems, conduct reasonable analysis, and through cooperation, I can complete projects more effectively and time-saving.
I already tell them but I do not think it is very important for our team.
Well, in my opinion, the similarities in the personality will help the member of the group to solve problems in a same pattern. And the differences of the individual style will make the group more energetic when faced with some big challenges.
Because I already learned  in York one year, I believe that I could adept to the teaching mode here well, but at the same time, I should face the corresponding pressure well.
Maybe I can be a leader of the team because I think I always have the ideal of the programme and I can organize the team members.
ok
I am a team worker  finish our own mission
This is the first time for me to study together with no-chinese students and they really affect me a lot,especially during the discussion section in class.Compared with Chinese,the students with western culture background always show more positive in the class and engaged themselves totally in discussion section.I think this is very important for me to learn from them and improve myself  in class.
I think it should be anxious to influence the quality of our team's entire project. I think we should discuss the project more slowly and carefully.
I think it should be the characters of my teammates, some of which are so positive and enthusiastic, and it makes me feel more confident about our projects in the future.
Everyone needs to take responsibility for their tasks and get them done. Only in this way can make task completed.
They are all active and friendly. I think the only problem in our team is that we have not yet found an effective mode of cooperation.
People from different cultures sometimes have different thinking ways and different methods of solving problems. For example, two members expressed a point of view, but caused disputes because of different angles and methods of expression. In addition, people have different priorities to deal with things for team members from different cultures because of different work and life concepts. Therefore, when there is a conflict in the group work, we should remind ourselves to embrace the other's culture, understand each other, actively seek solutions and learn to adjust ourselves to adapt the cultural differences in the work.
I need to pay more tension in my homework than before. Because I need to write in English and some of my work need to discuss with my team mates.
Our thought sometimes gets different, we need more talking.
I think it is interesting because there is an India teammate. We need to have more patience and conversation.
As all the team members come from different countries and regions,our thinking modes are very different,so that we might have different views on the same thing.And when we meet some problems,we have some different ways to deal with them.
More focus on team rather than only on yourself.
There are three differences between team and individual in my work. Initially,every member had their own ideas and we could communicate together, which can stimulate our thinking activity and logical thinking style.Secondly,eachone had their strengths and drawbacks, if we work together, we could show our strengths and alter our drawbacks ,at the same time, we could also learn each other in a group because all of my members were friendly,enthusiastic and positive,so I can receive positive energy during our project .Finally,we spoken English during our droup rather than Chinese when we argued questions, in this way ,we could improve our speaking and enhance our communication skills in English at the same time ,it is beneficial for our language studying, in my point ,more practice ,more perfect .
From the induction we all have our own team, I think we did really good until now. the difference between us that is our major and personality, the way we choose the decision in a different view but fortunately we can get in the same point at the last. Thus the most important thing that affects our team is choosing what role we will play in our team. we have a good idea and we can do it immediately but we can't find the effective way to achieve it, and second, that is the time we all have our own things to do we have own timetable, so set a suitable time to do group work is difficult now. However, we can solve this, because the communication in our group is not a problem. We trust each other.
My fellows are so great! especially in my group, they are all intelligent and friendly, everyone is happy to share resources. and the guys from different cultural backgrounds are also very nice, I saw that almost everytime the student who answered the teacher's questions are these guys. I think that is the main difference that we Chinese people so care about the answer is right or wrong that we are not brave enough to answer the questions teacher asked. And in my teams, I am trying my best to express the ideas, listen respectfully to each one and be cooperative with my team members.
The main difference is that everyone in the group has strong characteristics, nearly everyone has so many great strengths and good leadership. When I was in China , I always was the leader in a group , however, I find so many weakness that I need to improved now ,  I need to transform my role in the group . It's a good opportunity foe me to get improved. 
The different timelines of team members influence the time of team discussion and collaboration. And also the personality of different team members determines the progress of the team project.
I think the main differences are thoughts and time. Everybody have their own ideas, which sometimes causes a disagreement, so how to keep the balance between exchanging ideas and friendly environment seems to be a problem in our group.Then, different people have different time table, my plan may be influenced by other students'time. It is also a difference between working in a group and working by myself.
Now i have been allocated to a new team, we have 7 people now. We come from different country, we have different culture, we can have various opinion in a question. In that case we can consider a question from different ways.
Because we are all from China, so we have same background. But I think they consider the  availability of products we will sell and  the wether there are enough records and resources.But I focus on creativity of products.
The first thing is culture, in my group there are five Chinese (two from taiwan), the other is an Indian, we sometimes have different way of thinking. The next is the language， because our group usually uses English to communicate, but each person's English level is different, the ability to express and accept is different, so sometimes some words understanding is not very good.
First of all, our team comes from different countries and there will be differences in thinking. Secondly, we will have different progress in the work. Some members have strong English reading ability，so it will be read much faster. This will be different in the time of unified discussion, because some members will read slowly and lead to different work schedules.
Their English is better.
I think the main difference in our team is different time management. everyone has their own timetable, it is hard to get together to discuss some questions.
Personally, I think the main difference during our team work is our different education background. For example, some of us have learned relevant knowledge about engineering, marketing skills and business skill. However, the rest of us never touched any relevant knowledge about  engineering or business.  So during the team work, the members who learned engineering or business, would spent more time to impart necessary knowledge to stimulate the working process or help us solve problems. This will make them spend more time. On the other hand, our team work process can be delayed.
Everyone has a different personality. Everyone has different ideas. The ways and means of expressing opinions will be different. There may be arguments between people with strong personality, while others do not always express opinions.
The main difference for me is time management. I always do my work before the deadline, but our team members are really good at time management. Although I feel it is difficult for me to change, it is good for me to have a habit in the future.
Actually, my team members all come from China, and I am a Chinese either. So, there is not too much differences between me and my team members. However, I found some main differences between us via the progress of our class. Firstly, they do have some ability which I did not obtain or excellent in, such as creative. Besides, I gradually recognise that the foreigners are more confident and active than our Chinese. More importantly, due to the influence of different cultural backgrounds, foreigners are really brave to interrupt teachers and ask questions, but from Chinese culture, we should respect our teachers and raise our questiones and communicate with our teacher individually after class. Maybe this is the cultural shock and I should accept the differences and change my mind since I have choosen to study abroad.
Everyone has different work experience and educational background and they may deal with the problem in different ways.
Everyone has different majors and different thinking styles,so they have different ways and habits to solve the problem.
We have different thoughts,so how to coordinate all people`s thoughts is the main task in a group.c
I think communication and characters can affect my work in a team.
I have some differences about listening maybe I haven't adapt the English .But I will try my best to adapt everything . 
We have more ideas when facing problems and feel more confident because we know that we can solve the difficulties together.
I feel that different subjective perceptions of each member influence teamwork. Because everyone has different ideas when dealing with the same problem, there will be great differences in working methods and logical thinking. This is the most fundamental source of disagreement in teamwork.
Different sense of time.
To be honest,I am not very familiar to all members in my teams, but I think it is good .We are from different educational backgrounds and we have different work experience.so,sometimes  we have different visions on something or decisions but I think its good because I can know about another filed that i have not touched .Even though we have different thoughts but we try to ask everyone's understanding.so ,we can learn because of the differences.  
I am Chinese and I worked with Chinese : )
There are all Chinese people in my team, so there is not a big contrast in cultural differences. Therefore, we always have smooth and natural communications. In addition, all the members are very patient and inclusive so that the atmosphere of discussion is very harmonious.However, the team members did not reach a level of familiarity, so many group operations had no way to be assigned tasks reasonably. Then, it would reduce the work efficiency.On the other hand, the group's meetings will be opened in the spare time of the team members, so there will be many team members who need to do their own private things in many cases, and it is difficult to unify the meeting time somehow.The most important point is that our team's cohesiveness and sense of honour are not strong enough, which has led some group members to be less enthusiastic and not have a strong sense of participation. However, I believe that this will be slowly improved in future cooperation and studies.
All members of my team are Chinese, so there are few difference between us. The main problem is most of us do not have experience that work in a team. When we talk about our team work, most of them do not have their own opinion. I think they need talk more and show us their thoufht and become more positive.
I think too much creativity but no action is not good.
Although there are all Chinese in my team, there are still some divergences of opinions ,as we have different education backgrounds and family backgrounds.Sometimes, it's hard to change someone else's established view towards something.
The type of course are lectures, so I have to focus on every word from teacher. Besides, I have to strength my confidence and answer questions loudly when I am on class.
I think the main difference is that everyone has a different background. So they have different attitudes to one thing.
There are different attitudes of work time among every groupmates. Some groupmates like to do every work as soon as they can, which can help others and the whole group improve the efficiency of study. all in all, our group is quite good, everybody is very nice and kind, we help each other. there is the only problem is we always communicate in Chinese. I suppose that even all of us are Chinese people, but we still should do a management method to force us to discuss in English.
I think the biggest difference is the way of thinking.
If you know the possible answer, you should raise your hand.
Time schedule, everyone has different business, someone likes to talk face to face, some people like online discussion.
The member in our team has different character and different skills that can makes our team get a lot of improvement.
When we work in teams,we all have different  views on one question,how to seeking common ground while putting aside differences is a main point.Most chinese students including myself don't like to show their opinions,that's the main difference.
Jin had worked for 5 years before came to York.He is good at manager a team.His passion and effective origination make me more energetic in teamwork.
In my opinion, different thinking and  ideas are the main differences I have observed that affect work in groups or teams.
Is too early to say that there are differences between us that will affect the team work. We need to go deeper into the assignments in order to discover if there is a notorious difference. So far there isn't. 
The language difference is obvious, although use English as a way to communicate but accent and language logic will inevitably produce ambiguity, on the other hand, the work style is different, everyone has their own characteristics, some people like team work, some people like to complete the project independently, these differences are regret affect the final result.Language factor has very strongly affect our teamwork, we spent more time to explain a word which we may misunderstand.
The team has got really interactive after the induction sessions which made us know about each other.
In fact, I think our group works well together. We often have group discussions, share the results of our work and have discussions.
I think that the lack of good English in team learning has affected the smooth progress of the work.
For me, language communication is on the one hand; on the other hand, some people have already participated in the work, so some ideas cannot be unified. For example, in terms of planning, I prefer to do it in parts, while others prefer to do it in whole.One the one hand, analysis of language.Although in Britain, the common language is English. But, because of thedifferent background, everyone will have different accents, what is the mainreason to cause a decline in communication efficiency.On the other hand, analyze that workaspects. It can not beignored that some students are relearn after they werethe employee. These students already have a certain level of values and willhave a more comprehensive view of things, unlike others who may be one-sided intheir thinking.
The main difference I have noticed is the culture divide between the members of our team. This affects team work due to the language barriers that are present, as it takes more effort to address a part of a task between two different cultures as opposed to a group where each member originate from one culture.
Firstly,i feel that there is a language barrier between us because i have 2 British people 4 of them are Chinese and we can reduce it just by speaking English so i am trying and i hope they will also try to remove this barrier between us .The amazing thing by working as a team it will enhance our vision about something because everyone has its own way of thinking so after working as a team we have opportunity to learn everything on different aspects ....Therefore,working as a team effects me positively and i hope to learn something amazing this whole year.
Communication is the main difference in our team. There are 4 Chinese students, 1 Pakistani and 2 British (including me). Some are aren't as comfortable talking in English which makes it hard to put points across and also takes longer to get to a solution.
Basically, there are differences in all ramifications. Most especially the way modules are structured, teaching methods, learning resources. To a large extent, I think these are mostly positive differences. Team work has not really commenced in Autumn term. 
The main difference is the way to complete a task and opinion on priority of tasks. Someone prefers to prepare every aspect of the work well, then, start to work on the project. To the contrary, someone like to start the project first and start to study when they meets difficulty. As to opinion on priority, some of them prefer to do something urgent first while someone like to do something important first.
I found that the way of thinking is different. Maybe I think it's easier to understand, but it's not easy for others actually. So we have to spend much time on explain our ideas and try to understand what is others thinking. Especially, some people in our team are not very good at English listening. They often do not understand the requirements from the lecturer. This requires us to explain to them when we are working on the same team.
Students have different background, like someone is good at some knowledge but someone needs to learn the new knowledge.
Teamwork needs cooperation and different people have different professional backgrounds. Ability will greatly affect teamwork performance.
My ability.
I find that the foreigner students have better innovative awareness than us and they are more willing to have interaction with our lecturers. I think those aspects are worthy to be learned.
The main differences are that we all come from different perspectives of working and different point of view due to we most of us come from different countries/cultures but I think this will teach us a lot and we will learn how to work with different type of people.
my team has two mates from different countries, at the start of this week, there were a lot of  different witch I can not accept and understand,  for example, different culture, different thinking.  but now, we understand and know more about us, I think our cooperation in team will be better.
I think it must be time.Because everyone in the team has different things to do and different calendars.Sometimes It is hard to get together to have meetings.
Everyone in my group has different skills and someone always creates an innovative idea. Although it is a good phenomenon, sometimes it will cost much time to arrive at the last decision. So I think we should write down as many ideas as wu can, and then we select a best one to put on. In this way, time is saved naturally and our work will be more efficient.
They usually have some different ways on thinking about the question.
I find that there are several reasons which could affect our team work. Firstly, we have only been a group for more than 10 days, and we don't know each other very well, so we may have some things to decide slowly. Secondly, we studied different majors at undergraduate level, so there are some differences in how we view thins and how we approach them. Thirdly, in our group, six of us have six different characters, which is a double-edged sword. If we can take advantage of our differences, we will be perfect partners, whereas, we may face a lot of arguments. Therefore, i think we should spend some time to communicate with each other and let us have more tacit understanding. 
We share ideas about the task of law, because all of us were not familiar with law before, we need to help each other. Besides, we help others to solve problems that can’t solve by self.
The difference in personality of team members is the most important factor.
firstly, I think we shoud have a fix time for meeting becasue we must work together to finish our homework.secondly,I should improve my listening ability .sometimes, I can not understand speaker means.
Well, to be honest, as most of my teammates are from China, we have similar cultural backgrounds and we obey similar rules and habits in our team working. Even though, there are still some differences between each other because we are from different parts of China. I found that pills from the south of China tended to think over and over again before they worked out the conclusion. And pills from the north of China were more willing to have creative thoughts. As a result, we can learn from each other in the process of team work.
In my group, when we discuss some question, different person always can gives different kind of thinking about the answer. It is a good beginning of my group, because I know solving problem needs many different way, and this is what my group can provide, so theirs idea could solves the problem with more methods, thus this also can affect me easier to involve in the team work.
There are differences in the pursuit of goals.
The main difference is we need more time to sit together and discuss, exchanging the ideals and giving ideals.
Usually,people from different country,even different district,have different culture background.So I can see that here must be some challenges in our future group work, such as misunderstanding and accent.But I think we can overcome all of these problems by good communiaction,respecting everyboday's culture and sharing our ideas sincerely.And on the other hand, the students like us ,from all over the world, can really learn too much from each other and make an achievement if we can work together well.
There is no doubt that the team will encounter difficulties. Preparing and a positive mindset from now on is very important. In the international business curriculum, I learned that empathy is the necessary solution in the event of a conflict.
I hope no.
1.Divide each person's task in advance2.Confirm ddl in advance3.Supervise everyone to finish the task in time
Yes, of course, I like the challenge because I can find my own deficiencies through the process. I will try to lead my team if I know exactly how to complete the challenge, otherwise, I will do everything possible to help my team.
Yes, there maybe some challenges in future group discussions. For example, different ways of doing things between members, contradictions, and differences in personality can all cause problems. However, I am looking forward to meeting the challenges and finding ways to solve them in the group work. Through the mutual support of the members, members could fully interact and share with each other, stimulate the ability and potential of the team members, better understand themselves and others. In addition, in group cooperation, it is necessary to balance the group members who speak more and speak less, and balance the rights and relationships between the team members so that each team member can share their feelings, gains and suggestions.
I think in my group that we need to set up a time for our meeting time, or someone will always be busy.
Yes, i like challenges. For me, I think we need to have a good communication in team work. I prefer to present an organizer in the future.
I think the possible problems is the language barrier, try to explain what you want to say and have any questions just ask.These two principles can solve the problems.
To be honest,I hope my group can deal with all the problems.However,if we meet some challenges,I will try my best to work with my group to overcome them.Although we might have different opinions when we work together,I think I can stand in their shoes to understand their thoughts.John's lecture about the different culture and the book written by Hofstede help me to learn the other culture and analyse the culture by a scientific way.
Problems arise in every groups but we need to overcome those problems. Regarding John's Session, the module content has made me think more about the different cultured groups.
Absolutely yes! We certainly expect to do challenging things in the future with my members because we are confident and working hard for our assignments .Although we are from different backgrounds, different personalities, and different customs,everyone is confidence and we all would like to learn each other. If we face some challenges, first of all, we would discuss about the problem together ,which could bring some new understand to us due to different thinking style, in this way ,we could gain a outlet about our problems.Secondly we would share the different parts and each one would be responsible for a part and find useful information and elements for our problems.Thirdly,we need to collect all the information that we found and have a discussion ,we could exchange opinions each other and take a conclusion.Finally, we might ask our supervisor or relevant professors about our solution and take a further promotion according to their suggestions.Every one will hard-working,including me because we are filled with positive energy, we are not opponents but friends, which help me becoming better.
For our team, we all from China, we have the same perspective of one task which is the homework or something, we don't have the 'iceberg' we avoid the risk of hidden culture, so the point of our team in a different opinion that is the regional culture different. Our own hometown isn't the same province in China, However in Hofsted Theory, we are all Chinese have a common character in the 6-D model: 1st  we are all in the 'High-power Distance' society. In China, if the teacher or professor give you a theory that you can't doubt about it face to face, you must show your respect to your leaders and teachers. you can advise the opinion what you think more effective and correct than theirs, but personally. 2nd Collectivism absolutely is Chinese character, about this, I think this feature is probably due to the population of China, the giant amount of people make them have to separate in many group and part. the Communist party of China is the best example of this model theory.3rd Today‘s Society, in this world there also in a strongly Father Sib culture, so for a long history country like China also in a Masculinity Model. Thus the man in China need to afford the family, they do a very hard work in their career, and this is why I come to here to complete myself and make a preparation for the future challenge. However, the owner of Alibaba- MA YUN had said that the female has a good balance in the IQ EQ and LQ (Love Quotient), so if a company want to run in a successful structure for their daily work, they must have female. I think that will be a change in China even the world to provide more opportunity for the female to achieve their big goals in life.4th Chinese is a mysterious language, It's difficult to understand what the Chinese character really means about in different sentences even the only one word have the different meaning with the tone voice. The language due to the Low Uncertainty Avoidance, Chinese have a unique language art, the best example to explain that is Taichi. We talk a lot, but the main idea is contained in the sentence we usually don't show that directly, we have to do that to test the response and analyse our own benefit then make the balance between the partners and ourselves in the final target.5th In our group, at the beginning of this term induction we all share the final goal in our master study year. In China, the government will set the target to achieve in the future five years and a decade year, we all prefer making the aim of our work but poor in plan thing for personnel that may due to the education what we are accepted. we don't have more self-learning rights. Long-term Orientation suits for Chinese, I think that's good but need to take care of the plan when we achieve our target.6th China is an ancient country in the world history so the culture of China fills with the good manner and politeness. Thus, the Chinese culture lead we are a restrained society, we think that we have the perception that our actions are restrained by social norms and feel that indulging ourselves is wrong. By the research on the internet, that we can see China is one of the most safety countries around the world. so we are strict with ourselves to obey the rules in our society, to make the daily life and society system keep the normal operation. That's my culture analyses of my supervisor team. Additional I use some theory of the Hofsted insights website.Reference: https://www.hofstede-insights.com/country-comparison/china/
challenges sometimes are good and will push us to improve ourselves, so I don't mind if there are some specific challenges appear in future group work. in my group, we are all from China, which means we don't have the national culture differences, but we are from different provinces and some of them have many working experiences, so we still meet the differences. in order to avoid these challenges becoming problems, first I can do is to respect everyone. then we have different roles in our group, and before we have a group meeting, I will make sure I do the preparation and do think about these challenges. when it is in the implementation part, I have confidence in the fact that I am cooperative and be able to point out the problems in the first time.
No, we are all group work very well and have done the discussion very well. By the way, we build a shared group for some reading list we need to read for our lecture which I think it is really good idea.
As I mentioned in the first question, the most important question is the collision of thoughts. Sometimes we agree or disagree other's opinions, and may be angry when somebody doesn't understand me. At this time, there may be some trouble things happened, and lead to a failed collaboration. In order to avoid this incident, we should talk more, share our ideas, and try to understand each other. Maybe it can make a collaboration more enjoyable. 
Language must be the first challenge for our team. We 7 people were divided into two small groups, 4 Chinese and 3 others. They can talk frequently and we 4 may be a little confused sometimes because we may not understand their speaking language due to their accent. What we can do is to be used to their language and learn more about English.
Yes, I really expect some specific challenges. Actually  I'm good at making ppt and speech, or commuicating with others, not very skillfully, but I think I'll be valuable to deal with these challenges.
We've done the assignments for marketing technology and strategy, and we've discussed group assignments for other courses, but we haven't found any specific challenges yet.
First of all, I am not afraid to encounter challenges, because after all, there are cultural differences and ideological differences in the same group of members. The important thing is how to solve it. I feel that increasing communication between teams and setting the same goals can effectively avoid problems.For the international business,We should take the initiative to adapt to the British culture, such as actively participating in various activities, making friends with local culture, learning about it, and learning from life to learning.
Each member has different knowledge and different ideas in the discussion. That could create divisions.
Talk about the challenges, I think the different culture would makes our misunderstand each other. Definitely, I feel that if we listen to each other and try to understand the meaning, there is not challenge. 
The effective communication and time management can be my challenge in future group work. To avoid negative consequences, I will try my best to get involved into every group meeting and express my personal opinion and try to achieve compromise with others. To ensure my work can be finished on time, I will come up with a time management timetable to pinpoint every deadline and start making schedule for every working during the assessment
I hope that we can have some challenges in the future group work. If we encounter some challenges, I hope that we can communicate more and understand each other and do more preparations for the difficulties we have encountered. In the process of learning in the future, I hope that I can be more patient and face teamwork and learn how to face differences in the face of cultural differences.
ze the enthusiasm of everyone is the most critical issue.
All my team members are Chinese, so there is no challenges for us to work together. However, the form of homework is totally difference with I experienced in the past. The teaching method in the UK is more flexible, focusing on guiding students to learn rather than like Chinese teacher who prefer to tell us answer directly.
To be honest, I do meet some problems or challenges in the progress of group work. My group member not really active as me and they just want to do the minimum things in the areas of studying, they just want to pass the exam and graduate. However, I want to do my best to get the distinction. Therefore, it can be called a challenge for me. Maybe in the future I should always remind them to do the group work and divided the work for them, therefore, they can participate in the group work better. I do understand different people have different target, but we should work hard to achieve group goal and target since we work as a group. 
We need to learn to share our ideas with others when we have different opinion in a common problem.Besides,we also need to keep a good relationship with each other to stengthen the teamwork ability.
I think the most biggest challenge is when facing the discrimination,some will solve the problem emotionally,which is very detrimental for the development and cooperation of the group.We should have more communication with each other to eliminate the barrier and form  the common sense and group rules to complete every assignment.
The most challenging thing for me is language barrier.To solve this problem,I plan to learn more English and communicate with others. 
Maybe in future,  we will face how to change our ideas to be the same.I will use date and facts to convince my team members that which one is the best idea.And I also can accept  other people's ideas if they are useful for our team.
I hope so . I will read more materials about different cultures and find out some good ways to solve these challenges . 
All the students in my group are Chinese and we had never got involved in such a supervision group in our undergraduate courses.To be a member of our group,I need to think about my peers but not only myself .When facing challenges,I will try my best to  finish my own work and cheer everyone up.
Yes， I do. Different individuals have different attitudes of risk taking, but I will lead my team to try something new and creative that may be adventurous. 
I think if there is no challenge in the work of the group, the whole team will stagnate. The task of the group is to be challenging in order to stimulate the team members' ability to cooperate. When our team is challenged, I think the most important thing is that everyone can speak their mind and play a role in the team, such as leading, organizing and making decisions.I think, in the International Business module, let me know the different culture is quite different, have a plenty of small details can make a big mistake, so in the team work, the first thing to know every group members background culture, through the communication is to understand each other, learn each other's culture and customs, etc., in the work, respect each other, so as to avoid misunderstanding in the workplace.
Yes, Reviewing the class contents after class is important and discuss opinions with team members in time.International Business may be not very specific and I can not understand somethings in the class so audio video is important and essential. Another important thing is reading relative sources, because it can help me understand the subject.
In our group,there are 3 work-experienced men and 3 women without work experience. It is normal that girls are more shy than boys, so as our group.I think it is really a challenge to negotiate with the whole group and promote the progress of any projects and I will try my best to finish teamwork.
In fact, the specific challenges can not be avoided.This is a part of our work which we will do in the future.For myself, the challenges can be solved by strengthening exchanges and cooperation with my team. I believe in the power of unity.About the content of the International Business.I think John's analysis of cultural differences has changed my original view about this topic.I used to think culture difference is just the local's habit and custom.But i know it is a shallow idea.After learning the lectures and doing my activities, I found there are many reasons result in the difference, such as power distance, long-term orientation...These were ideas I had never thought of before.
I hope that in the group cooperation, I will encounter more challenges in the future. For example, if the group work is not properly allocated and is not completed according to the plan, I will find a way to appease some negative emotions of each team member. And rationally think about the rational allocation of this homework, try to let the team members finish the team's homework as soon as possible.At the same time, I will organize more team members to carry out some activities to enhance tacit understanding and mutual understanding, so as to avoid many cooperation problems.In addition, I also hope that we can meet some technical challenges, so that our team can work together to overcome these technical problems. I believe that the teams that have undergone tempering will become more and more tacit and more tenacious.
I think I can motivate others to take action by taking action first.
Actually, I haven't expected any specific challenges. If there are some challenges in my group work in the future, the first thing I should do is  understanding cultural differences and recognizing them.And then the members of groups should have more communications with each other.In addition, it's important for team members to learn the culture coming from others' countries and take more transpositional consideration.
In fact, all of students are Chinese in my group, so we will not face difficult in communication.But the most difficult challenges is the type of class and language, I think that I need to contact with my tutor and classmates to avoid becoming problems.
What are the main differences you have observed that have affected your team's work?
Misunderstandings may arise in communication. In order to prevent this from becoming a problem, I would ask in time when I can't fully understand what my group mates are saying.
Strengthen communication, plan and supervise each other in advance to ensure the team work is completed.I think we should accept cultural diversity and accept different ideas. We should not be afraid to learn about cultural differences through communication. By understanding, we can try different lifestyles, which is a different experience for us.
I think there will be some challenges in my group about how to summarize several thoughts into one result, I will do my best to let my teammates to have more discussions and come up the answers, which can be convinced by all.
Yes, I .am quite looking forward to unknown challenges. It can help me improve my skills in some certain fields, and I don't want to always stay at a comfortable zone. And the world is always in flux, as world change will generate many issues and preparing for future is needed, we should take a long-term view for questions.
I think the different thinking still is a big challenge to the international students, I hope that I can know more about different thinking logical.
Yes, but not too many! 
I think the business plan we should do in teams is  a specific challenges, It's  a very interesting subject,we need to start it at zero. I think i can do my better to collect members' ideas, to make sure we will not troubled  by some small questions, to coordinate groupmembers' work.
Yes! I hope work together with different countries'  classmates. Communicating as more as possible will help to solve the problem of cultural differences. 
Some of my team member turns out to belacking of motivation, so sometimes I need to push them and motivate them. Butto be honest, it’s quite exhausting. I plan to let them do the parts that theyinterested in or good at in the future. Another way is to let them understand the responsibilityon their shoulder, and how bad it is to fail their teammates. I hope this couldgoing well, but I would find another way if things do not step on the way I expected.
Yes,I do.    I will try my best and work with my group members to ensure these challenges not becoming problems.
when we planed to assign some tasks to individuals, there might be disagreements among us. Besides, due to different growth environment, it is not easy to trust others totally to do some work assigned. If there are disagreements, we can have a discussion about teamwork and how to assign work based on individual ability. I believe that after daily getting along with others, we can trust each other more.
manage it, addressing the root cause to avoid it grow bigger.
including the members of different academic background, language communication problems between member and member, interpersonal skills are also different, team leader's leadership also is not perfect, that we need to have a certain psychological quality, strong work coordination ability, high compatibility's language skills, and leadership.
eve our study goals.
t I can be and contribute to the team.
:none;text-indent:0px;letter-spacing:normal;font-family:arial,sans-serif;font-style:normal;font-variant:normal;font-weight:400;text-decoration:none;word-spacing:0px;white-space:normal;word-wrap:break-word;min-height:89px;background-color:transparent' lang='en'>Because the members of our group come from different countries, the way of education is different, and the learning methods are different, which leads to differences in the learning process.I think that the members of the group understand each other and learning from each other will make the work more smoothly.
e can play more team games to improve relationships. In the long term, in order to complete the later projects smoothly, we need more coordination in work, team leaders and each team member need to join every activity, and everyone should actively face these challenges.In terms of the challenges, specifically, Ithink our team has to go through different challenges, like working together tofinish a report, and what's going to consider the ability of different groupsto work. As a result, efficiency will be greatly improved in later team work.In my opinion, different challenge, thefirst thing to do yourself, do your best to help the team achieve the goal.Second, try to become familiar with the competencies of the different groups ofcrews and collaborate appropriately. Finally, carry out a lot of casualpractice or improve cohesiveness through games.
re some challenges for my group. I wish I can solve these problems by the group work. However, in my group, there are some guys they do not do anything. Sometimes they said we should have group discussion. When we had discussion, he was absent, I have never consider this phenomenon. So I think in my group, we should focus on how to avoid absence and laze. If we can solve this, the challenges will not become problems. If we can not do this, the challenges will be problems. Such a bad thing! 
The main challenge that is present would the language barrier as previously mentioned. In order to me as an individual to help counteract such a challenge, I would have to accommodate the team members who hail from different cultures, and help them understand my language and be more clear and slow when it comes to explaining key details of group work in my language (English). However, each member of the group should also have to adapt to each persons way of thinking and respect each individuals background/culture.In regards to John's International Business lectures, the work that we have done on the works of Hofstede help clarify the many ways a culture acts in term of work ethic. This can help the group as a whole by applying Hofstede's models of culture difference to become a more efficient group.
There maybe a little challenges because of different cultural backgrounds.For example,we have different opinions in a group assignment.At that time, I will first experss my own view, and then learn about other fellow's thinking and communicate with them.Finally,absorting the fine contents,getting rid of bab contents,I belive we wil reach consensus. For me now, I can accept and respect others' culture and thinkings.
Some cultures are more blunt and straight to the point but it has not been an issue thus far. There could be a clash of personalities in the future. Not done sufficient group work to determine challenges.
would only happen if we/I do not properly understand the basis of the core elements of the course and perhaps if we do not show enough team spirit in getting our tasks done as it is expected. However, this can be averted by investing more time in self study to ensure as individuals, each team member is well rooted in the core elements of the course. And of course demonstrate team spirit of  of resilience, determination and optimism.
as soon as it starts. It is alright if they have consensus. However, in many cases, they have different opinion. If they insist on their own opinion, the team needs to discuss to choose a better solution, otherwise, the efficiency of the team will be reduced. I think what I can do is communicating with both sides in order to achieve an agreement to keep the project carrying on. 
of view accurately to make it clear for others and balancing the abilities of different people in the team. The first point determines that the team efficiency and the decision is correct. The second point determines the execution ability of the team. I think these two challenges will also appear in future group projects. What I have to do is first, Pay attention to my way of expression, making communication simple and effective and make sure our team has a clear and consistent goal. Second, if someone has insufficient abilities, I can help him improve it(such as how to do the layout of PCB). 
n future group work. I will try my best to solve and put out ways to ensure these challenges will not become problems.
am, you need a good leader to assign work.
ould be effect the working in the team. If it is needed to solved, the communication and  trust is very important.
There are more Chinese members in our group.Chinese team members are not very good at bringing up new ideas，sometimes We Chinese sometimes only take actions according to the opinions of others without making any objections.IT means that our group may make fewer new ideas, and our team idea may be not so good，or we may follow a wrong opinion.I will try my best to present my own new ideas, and encourage the team members to make their own opinions.beside that, i also will make some suggestions when the  idea that our group take is wrong.
Yes,  one of this will be  the final project.I consider this a big  challenges because it is our   final assessment.I am going  to help with planning  very well our goal and putting very strict milestones in the Project   in order  to  carry out  our goal and  I  am going to control,and update  and schedule of project also I am doing in paralel   other activities inside the project as a team .Really, International  Business  contents is very novelty to me.I see that I could apply this course a lot in my job because I am   going to work  in big projects whe I am going to finish the Msc. In big projects  there are  teams from different countries. As a Project Manager I will be more effective using this tools( International Business) in my future jobs for example I worked in  international project where teams were from differenent countries.However I did not have this tools( International Business).Moreover this course is helping  me  in not judge people from other countries without   knowing first their culture. When  I see people from other country I only observe  them and I am not judge them now.Now ,I ask myself  these  course I need  to learn very well in order to deal very well in the future (internationational  projects).Now I  have changed the ways see the world. I only know that there are different cultures and every culture are very good.
In my opinion, the first thing I can do is to respect the cultural differences when I get along with my teammates. What's more, is it important to communicate with them, especially when challenge occured.
Well we all know that every country has their own laws and they work differently in many cases that's probably due to the different cultures so I expecting to be even more open-minded and accept other peoples ideas that come from a different point of view or country.
I think the international business is a large challenge for me, because this is my first time to learn it. But I think I will learn it well, because John is a really interesting tutor, who make me feel interesting in the lecture. 
First I will go to understand the cultural background of each member of the group.And then i will communicate with them and become good friends with them.I think there is no gap between friends.
I see there are some lectures about economic in the content of the International Business module, I know a little about this aspect before, so I think it will be a challenge to me during the group work. I will do more preparation before the lecture to make sure I would have something to talk during the group work.
Of course, i like to accept challenges and try to solve them. Meanwhile, i will carry out some risk assessment before the preparation of work, and try my best to find potential problems to avoid that i cannot deal with when problems occur.From the part of cultural differences, i pay more attention to long term orientation and collectivism. In fact, i think i'm a collective person, which means i prefer to join some collective activities and programs, where i can get great satisfaction and recognition. However, i realized that during the work, i also need some individualism, which means that i should complete some assignments independently, so that i could play an important role in company. That's the first thing i learned. As for long term orientation, i learned that we cannot focus on immediate interests but ignore the long-term development, which may let us fail at everything.So i need to plan for the long term in both study and work as well as improve the ability of time management. That's what i learned during this week.
Allocate the work to group members. We always play the same character in our team and do the same work. As we only do some simple works, it's okay for us to have no division in our work so far, but it will reduce our working efficiency in the near future, and it's a big challenge for us. I think in the beginning stage, we can allocate some different works, and then group members can choose the mission they think they will good at, it's good for us to play our strength and improve work efficiency. I learned that the thinking patterns are different between different cultures, respect is always important.
In the future group work, I hope to challenge the leadership of the team. I may need to think more comprehensively about the problems in my team's work to avoid possible risks.
I know it is a hard things.I think we can finish our work by effective communication and make everyone do what they are goood at.
Yes, definitely. I like to face some challenges in my future courses. I think it's a wonderful opportunity to have something difficult to settle in a group in the university course, through which we can learn a lot. What we should do is establishing good communication channels and sincere cooperation when facing challenges. What's more, depending on everyone's own characteristics, the group task should be allocated properly so everyone can make the best of themselves.
I think the biggest challenge is the relationship in my group, because when we have some works to do, if member can not work together and just do own thing without communication, which should be the problem in teamwork. Thus, I believe that we should have more communication to build up our relationship, moreover, we should not only limit our communication in study, but also have more intersections in life.  
Use my own practical action to motivate everyone.
In fact,I just focus too much on ""Honesty and integrity"" when I think about the Ethical Principle before.But i never think something more about the respect for environment.I know the importance of environment protection and I think i did it well during the life time in the last, but i fail to link it to my work.I do not understand clearly about the responsibility required as a engineer before reading the RAE Ethical Principles.
Sorry，I can't.
I have never in such a situation that is contrary to RAE.
1.Engineers mislead other people due to the lack of knowledge.2.Engineers resign and talk some confidential information such as design.
I sometimes have argued with others when dealing with problems. I think I should be more patient and inclusive.
Yes, in my college graduation design process, I chose furniture design. In the search data and design process, I directly quoted the online ergonomic furniture size as my furniture size, but did not make my own furniture size with In-depth research, I realized that I did not do my utmost to this design.
Sell my or my group idea to a competition company.
Sorry I can't.
Honesty always good, i think honesty is an important element in our life 
Well,to be honest,it's difficult for me to think about the situations where I might obey the ethics.As far as I'm concerned,as a engineer or manager,it's important to have the social responsibilities.If we are not careful in our work and projects,it might cause serous problems which might caught incalculable consequences.
There were a few incidents where I had to take a decision between what seemed right to me and what didn't. But now I realise how much important ethics play a role in our life. 
Actually , I had ever seen a situation that happened in my city in China. It was a new building that was constructed two years ago, however some citizens found there were some little cracks on the wall, that was one of my friend's flat . And I suggested him that he should take steps to avoid some dangerous , so he applied rebuild it to relevant company and engineer . Finally, the problem was resolved . In my opinion, no matter what he is an engineer or a staff in the relevant apartments, he or she should abide ethics and regulations or laws. If there is no regulations in our society ,we would come across more unreasonable things.
Before I came to York, there was a set of engineering ethics and legal system in China, but it did not popularize education well in university. I think these are what China lacks in training engineers. I have a general understanding of the moral laws of British engineers after I have seen the RAE ETHICS. I didn't officially hire engineers in China, just done engineer team of interns, role's assistant team, and so on the basis of British engineers moral law, I think I could under the “Accuracy and Rigour - keep their knowledge and skills up to date, Present and review theory, evidence and interpretation honestly, accurately, objectively and without bias, while respecting reasoned alternative views.” After all, I do not have the main position, and this knowledge lacking consciousness, so do the chores in internship career more, professional also need to be further strengthened. This is also my strict requirements for myself in the future.
According to the RAE ethical principles, there are 4 principles: honesty and integrity, respect for life, law, the environment and public good, accuracy and rigour, and leadership and communication. I have to admit that I have made a big accuracy mistake in one of my project designs, and then it triggers my thinking about the fact that if it is one of my works, it would be a serious accident, we engineering professionals should always act with care.
In this week's law course, I learned a lot of theories, especially about ethics. When I combined theory with practice, I found some unethical experiences. When I was a college student in China, I participated in a student union organization. One of my classmates invited us to have dinner in order to be elected President of the student union. The other candidate was more capable, but we also voted for him. This is actually unethical.
Sometimes I just have done the work by myself without communicate with my former group member.
Maybe there won't be any dangerous things at the time, but it is a threat to the safety of others in the future or the surrounding environment.For example, when we supervised the construction of a house, the negligence of some details may cause the house to collapse in a few years, and may be a large number of casualties.For example, when we supervised the construction of a house, the negligence of some details may cause the house to collapse in a few years, and may be a large number of casualties.What we should do is to be responsible for our work and others, and treat everything with sincerity.
I have not been in this situation ever, but I know some engineering often cheat their boss when their boss ask them to buy some materials. They often ask for more money from their boss which is contrary to the honesty principle.
I remember in my childhood, there was a huge bridge in my hometown established by many engineering managers and workers, but the materials and structure of the bridge didn't come up with national standards.  One day it collapsed without any omen and there were several cars being drived on it, so these people in vehicles dropt in sea and lost their life.This is the typical situtation which violate the RAE Ethical Principles.
I haven't been involved in such incidents before, so I made a hypothesis. When purchasing raw materials, instead of following the normal screening bidding procedures,I gave the order to a company which have bribed me.
I have used the EBAY website to sell my second-hand items. I am not quite sure if this violates the Ethical Principles? And I used software similar to facebook during class, I will ban this behavior in the future.If I violate the Ethical Principles  , I will take the initiative to admit mistakes and positive corrections to the company or school.
No. I think I didn't take actions that against the RAE ethical principle.
During our Enterprise project, we need to come up with business ideas, this process encouraged every team members to give their personal opinions. However when others were giving suggestions, I ignored some part of their speech, and made inefficient communication with them, finally the total  brainstorming process was delayed
1.Starting a project without taking risk assessment.2.Designing a project without taking environmental friendly principle in consideration.
：I think I still need to work hard on the RAE Ethical Principles, like promoting high standards of leadership and communication and keeping my knowledge and skills up to date.
To be honest, I have not met with the problem that contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles. After graduating from the University, I chase my master degree here directly and I did not join into any job, I just took part in an internship related to the bank and due to I am just the trainee of the bank, I donnot need to make any decision of the bank. But this situation is really common in our society, maybe in the future I will meet the problem which need my carefully consideration. From my point of view, the ethic is really important and we should follow it since it related to our reputation and the environment, profit doesn't mean everything.
Firstly, i may misled otherswhen we solved some mathematical problems. When others ask for my experience, icannot explain its basic principle clearly and others may have a misunderstandingto this problem. Secondly, i cannot identify some risks when i do something. Forexample, when the weather forecast shows sunny day and there are dark clouds inthe sky, i may not bring umbrella and may be splashed wet.
Actually, this is a meaningful question. If i have been a situation like my boss want me to do a high profit work which is against the Ethical Principle. How can i do? Can i obey the principle? My answer is i will do my best to persist it. I believe that is the best way to achieve my self-worth. 
I haven`t done any serious violations, but I`ve lied to people and made some pollution to the environment.
Yes,I can. I have been in situations that are contrary the principles such as If I don't update my knowledge or allow others to be misled.
I do not have  much work experience, so I think I have never disobeyed the RAE Ehical Principles.
The RAE Ethical make up principles that a engineer should be honesty and integrity, respect for life, law, the environment and public good, be accuracy and rigour, have leadership and communication. I have to admit that I can't meet the standard it makes up. During my working time, I abided by my boss's instructions even though there were some unreasonable demands which may cause some potential risks. After I heard about ethics, I felt ashamed not to communicate the issues with my leader instead of making concessions.
After learning the RAE Ethical Principles, I realized the great responsibility of being a future engineer. I have reflected on all my behaviours and thoughts in the past and I have shortcomings in two aspects, which are Accuracy and Rigor and Responsible Leadership.    In Accuracy and Rigor, I didn't handle things with care. At the same time, in the identification and evaluation, I did not try to quantify the risk as much as possible and prevent it from happening. This directly led to the failure of some of the work or internships I have participated in or the quality of the final results would be decreased.    In the Responsible Leadership, I did not carefully think about some areas where advanced engineering and technology can improve the society. And during my undergraduate course, I did not make some contributory statements within my professional ability. This also makes me not have a deep understanding and understanding of my professional knowledge.        
In nost countries sending a bribe to others means break the law. However, in some countries, especially the countries whose bureaucracy is serious, businessmen have to send bribes to the people have power. If they don't do that, they may meet much more problems than the people who has send bribes.
Sorry, but I can't think out some situations or actions are contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles.
Yes. When I took internship in a real estate company, my leader ask me to learn a new software so as to improve my professional skill, but I didn't follow her advice because I think I have too many more important works to do.But now I realize that I should learn new professional knowledge  and skills.
As for me, I think that I have already been in the Honesty and integrity, and I can Respect for life, law, the environment and public good. To be honest, I need to improve the accuracy and rigour in work and study. Besides, the leadership in work is not familiar for me, because I don't have any work experience. I think that I should learn more leadership and communication skills.
I used to exaggerate the benefits of one project which I wanted to draw attention from the investor and I concealed some truths about this project including some potential risks. This action is contrary to the Honesty and integrity principle.   
Some of my knowledge and skills are not up to date, which is contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles, I should try to keep my knowledge and skills up to date to be a qualified engineering manager.
No, I haven't.
No
Lack of cyber security awareness and rigour.
No.
I have ever used my personal idea to prove my viewpoint without academic evidence when writing essay, I think which is contrary to RAE ethical principles(Accuracy and rigour)
Maybe under the tempation of money I will break the REA Ethical Principles
During my work times,I always didn't get accuracy drawing,because lots of reasons.For example,the pipeline of air in locomotives do need to have accuracy size marking.The workers just bend the pipes and connect all the equipment well according to the really conditions of every locomotive.However,it is better for long-term operation and maintenance to make same location of pipes in same size,and improve the drawings to be accurate.In true workshop,the workers don not want to change their habits of bending pipes.The designers have no time to track the accurate size and to update the drawings.In this situation,it is difficult to follow the 3rd principle ""Accuracy and rigour""  of the RAE Ethical Principles.    
Yes, in some cases. There were severaltimes that we were trying to provide our customer with the best standard andquality, but it would take more time than we all expected. Even though weinsisted to stay on our original plan, our customer decides to drop some standard.It was an impossible mission to talk some sense to the customer withoutprofessional knowledge, so we give in eventually. Hard to say how much risksrises after this kind of rush, but what’s more important is it broke our protocolsand regulations.Another case I can think of is when I wasdoing some road show, I might use some tailored data and information. It doesn’tmean we were using the wrong information, but indeed it would mis-lead some amateurs.A good way to attract your potential customer but it’s not something you wouldbe proud of.
In the mechanical design of a fruit juicer made by my undergraduate, I have not been able to achieve the principle of knowledge innovation. My knowledge has simply borrowed from the existing design to assist me in completing. There are some doubts in the design process. Timely to understand, this is what I should avoid in my future study and life.
Yes. When I was younger there were some situations where was easier to go in a way opposite to the ethics. 
In the previous stage of undergraduate study, tend to come into contact with many new knowledge, such as Python and JavaScript for the first time, I was choice is to search on the Internet related knowledge or document, copy the code to test, sometimes it's hard to say I did not violate the good faith principle, because I did not note the source from where, there is only one line of code.On the other hand, the principle RAE wants to protect the environment of human society, which is beneficial to the public. Therefore, no engineering project can violate the principle, which I fully abide by.
I have always followed the ethics of the engineering profession during my bachelors as well when I was working. During challenging scenarios I have always looked for guidance from my superiors. And, I shall/will always follow the ethics.
Actually, I haven't met that situation yet.
No, there is not. All of my actions are conform the RAE ethical principles.
Not have situations at the moment, and I'll be careful afterwards. To be honest, I have never been exposed tosuch moral statements before, so there are situations in which there areviolations of the rules. For example, in the past team projects, always want toreplace the views of others with their own views, this is a behavior that doesnot respect. Although in the past it violated statement, but now know that thesituation in the premise, I will be more careful about personal privacy andrespect for the work of partners.In the future development of theindividual, I will strictly demand myself with the ethical statement as acriterion to prevent the above situation from happening again.
No, I can't. In my former study, I have never been in something contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles. In the future study, I promise that I will never do anything contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles. And I will stop anything contrary to the principles. When I see someone violate the principles, I will also stop him.
The principle that relates to me the most would be Accuracy &amp; Rigor, as during my undergraduate studies I was a part of a group project that was to make a digital multi-meter. This required me to to understand, and use the knowledge and skills required as an engineering student to design, construct, and test the digital multi-meter over the course of two terms.
yes, I have read the ethics engineering and know what the consequences of violating it are
As I am still studying engineering management and have not participated in any work or internship, so there is no violation of engineering ethics.
No i don't think so i was in that condition before  because as an engineer i came here for my masters course so i should need to abide all rules which engineer need to follow according to RAE.We are Engineering management students so we need to use wisely understandings,knowledge and skills.We always need to learn that as an engineer we have to keep our knowledge up to date and we should need to move with technology progress.
I can't think of any situations in which I have taken actions that are contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles.
Apparently none. In my home country, there is an equivalent of RAE and the Engineering council, known as Nigerian society of Engineers (NSE) and Council for the regulation of Engineering (COREN). Their ethical guiding principles are quite similar to what is obtainable in the UK and as such, I am bonded by such ethics of the Engineering profession. 
I did't encounter such a situation before. Usually I study individually, therefore, I always finish my assignment or prepare for the exam by myself.
I think the difficult one to achieve is ""present and review theory, evidence and interpretation honestly, accurately, objectively and without bias"" which from the RAE's Statement of ethical principles. If I am a referee for a competition and one competitor is my good friend. It is difficult to guarantee no bias.
I am able to follow the Engineer's code of conduct and try my best to do every job and academic course.
I studied engineering ethics related courses at university. I believe that I have a good grasp of ethical standards and that I have not violated any moral and ethical issues.
No
No, I did not be in or take actions to contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles. Maybe I have taken some actions unexpectedly and I am so sorry I have no memory about them.
NO.I haven't been involved in actual work so far, so I haven't done anything that are contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles.
Yes, I can. I was a supervisor in mining company (Projectarea).  My Job was elaboration and   inviting different contractors in order tochoose the best postor. Some contractors wanted to give some money to me sothat   they won the contract. However, I reallyrejected them because it was against my ethic. That behaviors of contractorswere contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles.
During the period of my undergraduate study, I once carelesslycalculated the statistics of the foundation of building. As the result of my less rigour, the assignment I submitted was considered to be unavailable. I realized this behavior absolutely wrong because as an engineer, I need always keep careful especially when it refers to the engineering project.
In fact,I never met this situation before.But when I was in my undergraduate college, I ever heart from my friend  that one person cheated in one exam.I think it is contrary to the RAE Ethical Principles.
If I would have to think about a situation contrary to the RAE Ethical principles I would say when I did my internship at Schneider Electric during the summer 2017 where I think that the human resources department wasn't honest with me since they told me that I was going to be the same amount of time in every department so I could learn for all of them but it ended up not being like it was promised so I think in that moment the first RAE Ethical Principle wasn't achieved because they weren't honest with me.
I have not been an Engineer.
No,I will not go against the RAE Ethical Prrinciples.
Do you think you can work to these principles during your taught MSc and in your working life as an Engineering Manager?  Make notes on where you think the challenges are likely to be.
At the first time I did my course project, I did not listen to the suggestion from others. I just followed my own idea and there were lots of problems occurred in the end.
To be honest, i need to apologize to professor, that sometimes i always have trouble playing with my phone during class. i think i've violated ethical principles. At the same time, i found that in China, when i met some wrong operations, i always ignored these mistakes, even through nothing has happened so far, i still violated that i didn't have the oversight role to all the people around me. Therefore, in the future, i need to correct this problem and be brave enough to point out the wrong things.
I checked my usual behavior thought reading the statement of ethical principles for engineers and I did not act in violation of the ethical principles of engineers. Meanwhile, I will use this ethical principle statement as a guide to my work.
yes, I had.when I was a intership in a construction sites in china, I found that my leader allowed workers to do some professional work. The problem is that workers do not have any relevant certificates.However,I am not against him.
No, not yet. What I have done so far satisfies the requirements of RAE Ethical Principles strictly.
I know that I am not as professional as the principles said now.But I think I can work to these principles in both my taught MSc and working life in the future.And I think the most challenges for me is ""Leadership and communication"".I know that I am not a person who is sensitive and keep focussing on the the issues that engineering and technology raise for society.And maybe I am not confidential enough to promote public awareness and understanding of the impact and benefits of engineering achievements.That is also the reason why I am back to school for my master degree.Anyway I will keep improving myself and enrich my knowledge, technical and management skills to make sure that I can shoulder the responsibility as an capable engineering manager. 
Yes, I will follow these rules
Yes, I can. Maybe i will be afraid that I cannot address the engineering skills crisis.
Yes, I do. There are two challenges.Firstly, engineering manager needs to keep learning new things.Secondly, engineering manager also needs to obey rules from the company and do not leak information to others.
Yes, I believe that I can. But obviously, there are some difficulties.  I think sometimes engineering conditions are so complicated that you may have to break some rules. And also in some situation, your boss will make bad decisions and I should decide to follow it or not.
Yes, I think I can follow these rules. For me, the biggest challenge is how to weigh the interests of the family and the interests of the work. For example, when there are important things in my family, and at the same time, the work is also in a hurry, I may prefer to deal with the things at home and ignore the urgent work, which will affect the work benefits. Therefore, I need to learn to balance work and life.
Yes, I think I can study and work during these principles. I will try my best to be an accurate and objective person. I will be a promoted equality person as well.
No cheat! No copy! Behave myself.
Yesbut I think in the real situation, sometimes might force you to break the principles.We try our best to do it. If you are an engineer, your duty is telling your boss the disadvantage of your products.
Yes,of course.There are lots of challenges but I think the most important one is that it is hard for the engineers to find a balance point between technology and environment.
Yes surely. 1. When working on a project or an a group activity I will make sure that every ethical aspect is taken care of.2. Also, in future, when I am working in an organisation I would follow my ethics.
Absolutely! I will work to these principles during my study and working life in the future.Well,in my study,the most challenges for me is I am not familiar with the law system in UK,so I need reading lots of documents and papers before our lessons, but sometimes I cannot understand them very well in my taught MSc. Another problem is that I will come across different temptations in my work in the future. For example ,somebody might do some unethical things for more profile . However I certainly believe I can abide those regulations no matter what challenges I meet.
As an engineering student in the UK, I will definitely abide by RAE's requirements and standards during this period. When I return to China after graduation, I will also take RAE as the standard. At the same time, I will meet the ethical standards of Chinese engineers and set a standard for myself more strictly. Upon completion of the master's degree, for standard strict with oneself unconditionally RAE, I need to complete a mentor program, often contrast RAE's code of ethics, make sure you complete the task is in conformity with the requirements, and in the midst of everyday little homework is always on the background of RAE cases of analytical thinking. When I came back to China, in addition to fulfilling the company's goals and gaining profits, I felt that ""Respect for life, law, the environment and public good -  respect and protect personal information and intellectual property."" I needed to be paid much attention to when China's scientific research and intellectual property protection were relatively weak. The second is the supplement of personal professional knowledge and diligent study to avoid falling behind the speed of technological development, which I think is very important for me personally. The rest need to be self-restrained according to the specific industry they are engaged in, but the moral principle is that as an engineer or businessman, they need to abide by the basic requirements consciously.
I think I must be able to keep these principles in my mind not only during the taught MSc, but also throughout my whole life. the challenges I think are the conflict of interests and duties. it is difficult for us to handle the balance. as we in the situation, our mind may not as sensible as usual for the reason that we may be tempted by profits or may have pressure to make a living. I know it is one of the most important ethics to put the safety and respect things in the first place all the time.
I think I can, but there are some challenges may be faced by myself, for example, even though I will study knowledge and skill as much as possible, but it is difficult to keep up the latest matter in time during my taught MSc or working life, however, I will try my best to update professional skills timely.
Yes, I strongly think I can obey the principles when I am a MSc student in York. But I can't give any commitment to my future work , because after graduating , I'd like to go back to China to find a job, as we all known, sometimes I can't make a choice by myself as an employee, in addition, it is also the challenge that I have to face to, because if I follow the boss's order ,maybe I will stand on the unethical aspect. But what if I don't want to do the ethics choice, I might lose my job, so it's very hard to give my words now. All the thing I can say is that I will try my best to work under these principles. What's more , I can obey these principles during I am a student in the university.
Yes, I think I can obey the rules that remind me all the times which can work in these subject like an Engineering Manager, and I would also like to work these principles. It would also influence me the challenges that I need to more focus on the principle during my taught MSc.
I think I will try my best to do my best. Because in China, I have seen too many tragedies caused by some people not taking their work seriously. I don't want those things to happen to people around me. If it is because of my reasons for these tragedies, I will think this is a shame for my life.  think the ‘promote public awareness and understanding’ is hard to do. It's hard to get complicated by getting the understanding of others and letting others listen. So for this, I don't really have a way to do it better.
Yes, I think I will follow these principles in my working life. Bribe must be the biggest challenge in future life. 
Yes, I think this is an obligation for me to work as an Engineering manager. Because the projects I work for may be related to property, health and safty to other people. I think that how to balance the cost of capital and quality of products is key and diffcult to manage projects. 
Yes，I can.Bribery from all sidesLack of ability to make wrong judgmentsUnfair competition（Jealousy for peers）Can not accurately identify and recognize risksDeceiving customers to gain more benefitsOnly focus on projects and ignore environmental protectionFalsely report your true ability to achieve your goalsIn order to shorten the construction period and increase the working time of workersWaste of materials
I will abide by the principle. First, the company will ask the engineer to abide by the principle. Otherwise, if it is fired, it will break the law. If the engineer arbitrarily leaks company secrets, or does not work seriously, the engineering accidents and so on are very serious.The most challenging thing at the moment is the ban on chat software during study and work. I think this is something that should be done because it will affect your concentration of study and work. I will change my current occasional class to see the chat software problem and solve it.
Yes.I think one challenge is that promote public sense of the impact and benefits of engineering achievements.It's a little bit difficult but I would like to try.Because it needs to think more ways to meet different people group.
I believe I will work to these principle in the future. As a engineering management, I think the most difficult challenge is keeping the knowledge and skills up to date.
Yes! The challenges may lay down to the lack of awareness of privacy and also being ambiguous in communication.
How to protect the interests of the company while taking care of the public interests.
: I will try my best to work to these principles during my taught MSc and  my working life as an engineering manager. I think the most challenges principle is being aware of the issues that engineering and technology raise for society , and listen to the aspirations and concerns of others. In order to achieve this principle, I need to do a lot of research with public, this is really difficult for me.
I do think I can work following the principles during my taught MSc and in my working life as an Engineering Manager. As I have mentioned before, I think the ethic is really important for everyone of us and every job. The good reputation can be gained since the company always follow the principles, and more company would like to make a deal with the good reputation company, which means more profit. Otherwise, the company gain the enough profit but it is harmful for the long-term profit and the environment as well as the reputation. From my perspective, the challenges for the engineering manager to follow the ethic may be the threat from the boss of fired if we follow the ethic without looking after the profit of the company. It really can be called the dilemma.
Of course. If i do everything bythese principles, i will become prominent on my studying and working life .However,in the future, i need to improve myself by learning something, like how to dealwith risks, how to act with care all the time, how to give others correct guidanceand so on. I believe i can do better in the future.
Yes,I can.I think the biggest challenge is we always have no effective time management to finish our assignments,so we always use some dishonest behavior to finish our assignments before the deadline.
Yes, i can. I believe i can.The challenges maybe from the communication with my supervision group member, but this is a challenge i have to solve.
I think I can.The most challenges is how to protect environment,because most of human activities cause pollution to the environment.
I will try my best to  work to these principles.
Yes , I can . the challenge is leadership and communication 
After reading these four fundamental principles for ethical behaviour and decision-making,.Although it said that"" it is neither a Regulation nor a Standard."" ,I think it's very useful both in life and work.challenge statements orpolicies that cause them professional concern
I am not sure that I can work to these principles during your taught MSc and in your working life as an Engineering Manager. Every employee is obligated to comply with the laws of the city, province, region and country in which the company operates. This includes, but is not limited to, accepting bribes and kickbacks, copyrights, trademarks and trade secrets, information privacy, internal ease, giving or receiving remuneration, work harassment, environmental protection, occupational health and safety, misleading or misleading financial information, or misuse of company property Law. Employees should be aware of and comply with all laws and regulations that correspond to their position in the company. But sometimes the emotional and personal feelings of employees affect the stability of the compliance guidelines.
Yes, I do. As a manager, I will take all my resposibility to obey the laws and principles. Sometiomes it is very hard to make a decision whether I should shoose the profit nor the public benefit, even though everything is under the law. Whatever, I will try my best to keep the benefit of the shareholders as well as the public benefit.
I will follow these principles, although sometimes they are challenges. For example, as an Engineering Manager, when your boss orders you to do what will violate this principle because of Corporate interests. It is quite difficult to keep the principles every time.There are many temptations at work but I will do all I can to keep my conscience clear and my heart intact.
Of course,I believe that I can perform well in the aspects of these principles as an Engineering Manager. But I admit that I am not enough careful sometimes and lazy to do the deeper research, which would affect the work. So I need to correct my shortcomings.
Of course I can. I think the biggest challenge is to respect and protect intellectual property during my taught MSc for Chinese students do not take IP seriously due to the academic atmosphere in China. It has became really important to me since I learned how to reference. I will abide the principles accurately and make my working life professional and righteous.
I strongly agree with and affirm this principle.So I can work to these principle during my taught MSc and in my working life as an Engineering Manager.First I think the challenge will appear in the interests of companies and individuals.Some people will be confused by personal interests. So they may choose to contrary to the Ethical Principles .Second the challenge will present in the benefit between companies.When the other side's interests are too big or we do not agree to the conditions proposed by the other company.We may choose to break those principles .
I feel that I can abide by these principles. In the process, I believe that I will encounter many challenges. For example, weighing in the money and the law, this may be a future challenge for me. At the same time, maintaining accuracy and rigor also requires a lot of concentration and confidence to complete, which will become a future challenge for me as well. 
I think most challenges may come from two aspects. First is 
I think I can work to these principles during my taught MSc.
Yes.challenges: It is likely to be hard to keep my knowledge and skills up to date .Sometimes,many people including me usually are satisfied with current situation.
Yes, I do believe that I can follow these principles in my study and working life, because they are basic requirements for a Engineering Manager.However, I think that the challenges are likely to be leadership, I think the leadership is from experience in work, So, I need to enhance leadership and communication skills through my future work.
I will try my best to follow these principles. And the most challenge in my future career I think is that when I work as an employee of a company. If I have a dilemma that there is a conflict between my interest or the company's interest and the engineering ethic, it may be difficult for me to follow these principles. 
Yes, I have the confidence to work to these principles during my taught MSc and in my working life as an engineering manager. Challenges are likely to be keeping my professional knowledge and skills up to date and minimising both actual and potential negative effects for our succeeding generations, etc.
I think these principles are the essence of our working life. Because what I do is not follow the ethics, that means what I do 99% is harmful to our society. That is so terrible for me. And I believe the spider-man said, ""With great power comes great responsibility"". Why we study is for me get great power to support me to do more valuable things. And I think the challenges are the balance between economic benefit and social responsibility (respect for life, law, the environment, and public good). Especially environment, I think most projects will have some elements influencing the environment,  in fact, sometimes the cost of reducing the damage to the environment is too high to solve the problem, and at the meantime, you have to think about the costing of the whole project and the net margin.
I think I can adhere to these ethical principles, whether I study this course or engage in related work in the future. In the future work, I think the most important thing is how to balance the relationship between construction quality and the company's financial interests as an engineer.
Yes,I do
I think I can obey these principles. May face many different temptations after work but I believe that keeping principles and beliefs can easily handle challenges.
Yes. I think respect confidentiality and  assist the development of engineering is helpful to our course.
I think I can.I consider that ' promoting public awareness and understanding of the impact and benefits of engineering achievements' and 'being aware of the issue that engineering and technology raise for society and listening to the aspiration and concerns of others' may be challenges for me, which means that I should not only grasp professional knowledge but also have ability to communicate with public for passing these knowledge.
Yes,I will try my best to follow the rules. I think the challenges are likely to be  some tempation of money,friends or famliy's request.
I think I can work to these principles during my MSc time,but it will be difficult in my working time.Once a team or a company don not want to follow this principles for some benefits or some reasons, It is difficult for individual to keep their minds.Sometimes the individual can not change others minds,and sometimes maybe he or she will take a risk of losing jobs.   
I have failed these principles several timesduring the five years. Sometimes you have to break some rules to keep the projectgoing, but I would at least try to follow the principles and consider it as theguide lines of my future work.Engineering professionals have a duty touphold the highest standards, but you have to give in a little bit for theschedule from time to time. In some situations, I might be careless, but I willtry to fix this behavior and correct my wrongs. I won’t consider myself as anoutgoing person, so it would take steps to build my leadership.
I think I can work to these principles during my taught MSc and in my working life.   The challenges are likely to be the lure of money.
As an engineering manager, I believe that I can abide by the above principles in my future life and work. I think the most challenging thing is to always keep innovation in knowledge. After working and studying for a long time, I may lose my love for the profession, which will affect my pursuit of more advanced knowledge. I must always ask myself to pursue innovation and always maintain a desire for knowledge.
Yes. Is not only about being engineer or student. Is an important part of the life. As human, as a citizen, as a part of a family, community etc. Is a lifestyle. 
I believe we can, although of course now also covers aspects of so many strangers, but as an academic explorer, widely understand relevant knowledge is necessary, but one thing is very challenging, because we have is related to the ability of students, it is hard to avoid some of the academic achievements of others or successful code direct copy and reference, if there is no question of just test, but is used for commercial or academic fraud, is a very serious problem, but we will avoid the occurrence of this phenomenon by strict self management.
With my previous experiences, I will always follow to the rules and regulations during my MSc and even through my life as an Engineer.There maybe challenges when we are working in a team with people from various backgrounds but, I believe that I can manage and handle situations since I have prior experiences of leading and working in a team during my undergraduate programme and in my workplace.
Yes, I can abide work to these rules. I find honesty and fairness the most challenging. As errors may occur in the study, changing results may occur in order to reduce the number of studies.
Yes，I will I will strictly abide by the RAE ethical principles.
As an engineering student, I have an obligation to follow these guidelines.In fact, as a beginner of ethicalstatements, I dare not guarantee that I will not violate every rule in thestatement. Because I believe that adhering to these statements can not onlygain the respect of others, but also the strength of a team. So, I willpractice it repeatedly in my master's program and keep these statements inmind. This may have a positive contribution in my future work life. In order tokeep these guidelines in mind, I will remind myself of some statements that Ihave previously ignored.For now, I have some challenges, there aretheoretical and respect the work of others without prejudice. Among them, astatement respecting the privacy of others that I will guard against, not forthe pursuit of efficiency again.
Yes, I can. Plagiarism may be ignored sometimes when I am writing essays. So I need to focus on avoiding plagiarism.  In my former study, when I need to write an essay, I usually get into the plagiarism troubles. In the future study, I should always focus on avoiding plagiarism, it is the most important thing when I am writing an essay. When I become an engineer in the future, I think I will always  follow the principles. When I work, I will consider the work whether against the RAE Ethical Principles.
I believe I can work these principles into both my MSc studies and working life by starting to implement them into modules such as ""Enterprise"" currently, and next year during the research group project that will commence in summer term.
yes, of course.
Yes, I can follow these principles.And the challenges might be:(1)Some outside temptations,like bribery (2) It's a little difficult for me to keep the project confidential, as I am likely to unintentionally reveal it when talking to friends.(3)People could damage natural environment when operate the engineering projects.(4)Miscommunication with engineers leads to misunderstandings.
Yes,we can As a Student:We should have some responsibilities we have to follow during Msc taught program so after graduation we can implement all ethical principles in our practical life .During Masters we can work on these principles likegive acknowledgement to other author's work stay away from professional misconductbehave well with all colleaguesThey should give due weight to all laws ,facts and publication guidancealways act responsibly and honorably and stand with dignityalways abide university laws and regulationeffectively advance public awareness and comprehension of the effect and advantages of engineering accomplishmentsDuring submitting of reports we have to make sure all data is confidential and you have enough evidence to proof your research workAs a Engineer Manager:when we are working for a company then make sure our all work in favor of company, be reliable and honest with the company we have to make sure to respect rights and reputation of other companies and individuals so it will not effect company reputation.Always take serious steps in case of copyrights infringement or report improper influence.We have to obey all laws and regulation and make sure our work is according to that laws and in favour of public interest.We have to make sure the security of confidential documents and data protection of company.Moreover,engineers need to understand they have to use their understandings and knowledge wisely and effectively with care. Sometimes project are very sensitive so make sure you have to present real information with practical evidence.As a manager you have responsibility to communicate well with employers and also with your clients so make sure you have enough knowledge and good communication skills to convince your clients.Always try to up-to-date your knowledge with new technology and innovation in engineering fields so you can promote new technology impact among the people and also introduce those technology in the business.
I am certain I can follow the principles during my study. The challenges would manifest when I go into the industrial world after my masters. It would be hard to use all principles together.
Absolutely YES! 
I think I can work on these principles during my taught MSc and in my working life. I think there few situation where the challenges will exist. The first one when it comes to things related to the interest of the company. There will be a dilemma to choose between principles and the interest of the company.
I think I can keep these principles as a warning. But as a student, I think the hardest part is to maintain accuracy and not mislead others. Sometimes there maybe have something that I have misunderstood myself, and I don't know yet. At this time, if someone asks me about that, I may have misleading others inadvertently.
I can take these principles and take this line. But the biggest challenge is the deadline, sometimes I may forgot to submit my assignment before the deadline because of a lot of things and homework. Although this is my own responsibility, it is a challenge for me. Because each person's level is different, the work done or the progress of the work in a limited time is different. But I will do my best to complete it.
I think leadership and communication can be a challenge. After all, work in the future is teamwork, so leading and communicating will be a big challenge.
1. Because of different educational environment, the levels of awareness of  academic misconduct is different. As a result, maybe I have done some academic misconduct like missing a cited reference unintentionally.2. Each people have a burnout period and I cannot keep my knowledge and skill up to date. 
I think i can do it.
Yes, I do. First, in my group I need to be honest and integrity. Forinstance, my team is formed by three countries. I will need to be sensible withmy behavior because I would not like to affect my team members. Also, I amgoing to respect the Laws of UK when I am driving my bike on the streets. Plus,I am going to respect the information of intellectual property too.Second, in my future jobs I am going to work as an EngineeringManager(Projects). In the negotiation of contracts with contractors I am goingto be a clear with payments´ days. Moreover, I am going to respect the lawswhere the project is executed before to start it. I must need to respect allthe procedures of the country. Also, I will need to listen my team. Thus, Iwill be objective and truthful with everybody for the rest of my life.
I think I can follow these principles during my taught MSc and my career life. In terms of the challenges, I realized that I am not good at leading a team. Furthermore, due to the introverted personality, I am poor at communicating with others. 
Yes.Challenges:For example,when I write reports,I may have difficulties in rephrasing a idea from sources.However,I must try my best to rephrase to avoid plagiarism.
I totally think I can work on these principles during my masters because from my point of view they are all from common sense and they all would be they right thing to do. I'm going to put some examples for some of the principles applied to my case:For the first principle I would say that the entire group has to be reliable and trust on each other so we can work as a team and not as individuals.For the second principle I would say that every time we make a decision on a group project it has to be justified as well as respect other people's information any time we have to use it.For the third principle I would say that every change we will make in a project we have to know the reasons and be conscious of what we are doing. 
I think I can work to these principles, but a little hard.  And I think the leadership and the communication are the big challenges for me .
Yes,I do.I think every paper is a challenge,I believe I can complete the task.
Well, after learning this week's Law lecture about ethics, I think I can work to these principles during my taught MSc and in my working life as an Engineering Manager. I will not use Facebook/ Social Networking applications during study time, and don't  copy others homework or tests as well as plagiarism. Maybe the challenges are Accuracy and Rigor, Honesty and Integrity, Listening and Informing and to ensure that all work is lawful and justified.
I think they are relevant with my study life and working life. During my taught MSc, I should make sure to keep the knowledge and skills up to date. In that way I can do report and project well. In the working life, when I focus on some engineering product, I should promote public awareness and understanding of the impact andbenefits of this product.
I'll try my best to obey every principles. Meanwhile, I think the most challenge for me is to be brave enough to say no to other team workers or not. Actually, i'm always afraid to say something to the public, but i'm wrong, i need to say it. Only in this  way can improve the efficiency in teamwork. so, in the future, i hope i could overcome this challenge and work better with the team.
"" challenge statements or policies that cause them professional concern"". It is hard to doubt the authority. I must be brave to speak out if I found problems.
Definitely yes. I think the second principle for ethical behavior and decision making should be a big challenge. When the enterprise interests are contradicted with public welfare and others factors, it's challenging for engineers to adhere to principle, especially when their company occurs some financial problems, it's hard to say whether they will strictly follow the rules and respect for life, the environment as well as public good. 
The ethical principles mentioned in this statement are not a rule, but a normal logical value. I think I can follow the ethical principles of engineers and restrain myself. At the same time, I think that as an engineer, it is necessary to follow these principles.
yes, of course.I think I can become an Engineering Manager.firstly,I should avoid deception.Becasue this is a very serious problem in china.Maybe I should take strict management measures.secondly,I should accept others ideas because sometimes i just trust myself. In order to our project are more innovation and efficient ,I should listen and think carefully about other people's opinions.
Yes, definitely. I admit that there are some challenges like always acting with care and risk management, but I will do my best to overcome them in my career.
Of course i will follow the principles. 1. Follow the law2. 
The students in my class are from different countries with different culture. Some Chinese students are good at communication and they can easily make a friend with others even the first they meet. Some European students do well in critical thinking, who can reply to the teachers' questions immediately and always come up with their own opinions. Of course, there is also a  few students just keep quiet and enjoy their lecture without any response to neither lecturers or classmates. Maybe they have their own plan about study and life in the Uk and just do not want to share with others too much.The way Dr. John taught in class ""International Business"" is really surprise me.He usually used session 1 to outline some of the main issues and session 2 for group work. And he can always come up some interesting ideas for our group work to help us understand the lectures clearly and deeply. I really like it and I expect we use this kind of teaching methods in other class too.
Carefullyobserve the behaviour of students in your class. What surprises you? What didyou expect? Take notes on what you see.  
Some classmates are quite good at speaking English, which surprised me most.I hope that I could speak English as fluently as they do in the future because whenever Ii want to express my idea, I need to think for a while to organize my words, I don't want spend much time on it.
Surprise: I find that some classmates are really hard working. They are very serious in each class and always sit in the first row. Their attitudes of study encourage me. So I think I need to change and must try my best to compete my master degree.Expect: I expected before: in master degree, students need to have more autonomy and space to follow their study plan and to do some research by themselves. Actually, I think it meet my expectations. I really enjoy this kind of study style about our essays and our teamwork.
Most of the Chinese students are not willing to answer the questions or share the opinions on the lectures, including me. I do not think this is a good phenomenon, we have to communicate with each other. I should try to be more open-minded to participate in the class. I think everyone needs to change this kind of situation. It is not enough to understand what teachers are trying to express, we have to reflect back after thinking.
I have found that some students actively interact with teachers and are good at expressing their ideas, which is very helpful in broadening their knowledge. At the same time, this can enhance the academic exchange atmosphere and improve the quality of teaching. The interaction with the teacher is what I am looking forward to.
There are some three things surprise me in my class.First of all, nearly everyone bring their laptop to the class. Most of them see the same document that teaches shows in the screen. ""Why not just look at board and take note?"" the question always come out from my mind.Secondly, Most of student  always go inside the classroom as quickly as possible and choose the first few lines. However, it's not so comfortable when you raise your head in whole class. It will hurt your neck.Thirdly, they look like very confident about the knowledge that teachers give us. They can catch the detail easily and respond the question easily.In the class, I expect to learn more case than in the university. Because I learned many theories in my university, I am not sure which situation is belongs to which theory. After studying, combine with the theory and case is also important for the future.
Most students are from the same country with me. This situation reminds me of the first period that I came to UK to study in high school course.
Well, I think the rate of absent is slightly increased. However, some of my classmates tried to raise their hands and express their opinion, I think this is a good news.If more students want to express their opinion, the courses could be more interesting.
In the beginning of the term, all the students tend to sitting in the middle or back of the classroom, so it's easy for me and my friends find a good place in front of the classroom. But in these weeks, most of the students are sitting in front of the classroom, if you want to sit  top three rows in the room you have to arrive to the classroom early. I'm really surprised about the enthusiasm of our classmates. At the same time, all the classmates finish the group work in a high quality,which makes me very nervous about myself. I really think my classmates all have the strong ability and the atmosphere on the class is quite good. As there are so much group work to do, I spend most of time with my group members, I expect that we can be positive for our teamwork all the time and learn more things from each other. 
The students in my class are mostly reserved, especially the Chinese students.In fact what surprises me is that they speak in Chinese language all the time. I expected that most of them would interact with students from other walks of life as well. Coming from a country that is not having English as my native language would only help us if we try and interact with the other students in our class. 
Actually, there are different behaviours that I had ever never seen before I came to York.Firstly, in our classes, some students who are always active usually answer questions taken by tutors. They are really smart and reaction quickly, which is the best point that I should learn. Because I just answered several times, sometime I cannot understand the words quickly and react immediately . I need to improve my critical thinking during our class.Another behaviour is that  culture shock, I have ever communicated with other classmates who are from UK or other countries, some behaviours I cannot understand very well. For example, people in UK pay less attention to lunch if they have some work to do. But I cannot understand very well,because lunch is the most important food for me and I have to eat something that I like during noon. On the other hand, sometimes if we have a course during noon, I will be a little sleepy and I need a short break after lunch.
After a month of getting along with students in my major, there are a variety of people in our major, but most of them are Chinese, although I am also Chinese. If you look closely at the things above VLE, you will find that there are many things to do every day, and most students are also very busy. I took my laptop and my computer with me in class. Although I felt that I would not use a handwritten notebook, I was confused about the students who were writing carefully in class, but only from my point of view (I thought electronic notes were more efficient). Compared to my surprise before the undergraduate course is done in the UK Chinese students and feel the difference of undergraduate course in the UK and China is significant, the problem of thinking and creative, Chinese education is still lacking, I also in serious analysis about the situation - how to improve my creative thinking. Finally, there is another question. Chinese students are not very involved in the teacher's question. Sometimes it is because the key of the issue is not fully understanding because of the language problem, or we can understand the teacher's question, but we cannot quickly organise English sentences to express it. We should get used to the English environment more and more. Improve classroom communication and feedback with teachers.
Actually, I have observed my classmates for 3 weeks. most of them pay attention to listen to the courses and will take relative notes on keywords, the rest of them do listen but keep their smartphones' screen on and play with video games at the same time. what surprises me is that I saw someone even came to class without a laptop or a notebook many times. Besides, there always have someone late for the courses and enter the class through the front door which will distract other fellows to some extent. what I have expected before was that most of us focus on class well and give heated discussion when lecturer asks us to do it on the basis of the pre-preparation.
There are around 90 percent classmates are Chinese include me who are silent in all class, but other foreigners are respond to lecturers actively when the questions are asked to by lecturers. I think it is a kind of behavior of culture difference between western and orient. I want to change myself to become more active in class like western students.
In the class, I saw many students taking notes carefully, and highlight a lot of key knowledge, which is a positive aspect, but a negative aspect. At the same time, I also saw that when the teacher raised questions, not many students participated in the interaction, especially some Chinese students, which surprised me. I hope that we can participate more in the interaction, answer the questions raised by the teacher, and have more time to exchange learning experience between classmates.
My classmates are all very excited to study new courses and some of them working really hard that studied during the mid-night. I found that is really a good thing for our classmates surrounding in strong study environments.
By observing my classmates, I found my classmates can be divided into three groups according to their daily behaviour in class. One group of classmates study very hard. When they are having class, notebook is always with them and I can clearly see full of notes. They listen to the teacher carefully and think about the lecture deeply. The secondary group of people seem to take class seriously but only with laptops in front of them. However, there still exist the rest of the classmates who look to be bored in class maybe because of the language or just feeling sleepy. 
here are three reasons why Chinese students present are less active in the classroom than foreign students. First, language barriers. Some students actually answer questions because they don't understand or don't know how to express them in English. Second, the lack of interaction in Chinese domestic classes has led some students to only passively listen. Third, sometimes you will encounter some meanings that are too simple to know that the problem exists.
What I can see is that most of students are Chinese, and most of us prefer to sit in the front of the classroom, we hope to understand more about what the lecturer said. But when the lecturer ask a question, most of us can't understand very quickly or can't answer it. But the other countries'  student are more likely to answer the question. I think we Chinese student need more participate in the question and answer part.
A Chinese boy in my classa (I don't know his name now) has a very splendid English tongue who is admired by me. Every times he talks in the class with teacher are attractive. I wish I want to talk to English people very skifully as same as him.
What surprised me most was that the students took notes very seriously.  For example, in law class, sometimes I can't keep up with the teacher's rhythm. I take notes slowly, but they write quickly. I hope that teachers and students interact more, such as throwing more questions for students to answer, so as to give students some space to think.
First of all, the first surprise I found was that the classmates in the class were very serious in their lectures, although sometimes they often did not understand the international students in the classroom. But everyone is still working hard to study hard. The second is that the teacher is very serious in class. Generally speaking, the university course usually needs to be studied carefully to understand, but the teacher is very clear in class, which makes it easier to review the lesson.I hope that in the classroom, I can see that the students have the opportunity to discuss the content freely for a few minutes.
I find that some students use the computer to take notes. In college we all wrote our notes in our notebooks. But out of curiosity I looked at their notes and found they were more efficient with their computer notes.I hope I can learn how to take notes by computer as soon as possible.
Because of there are lots of students in the class, I am not familiar with them. But I think my teammates in the group four are very awesome. They have many thoughts about the task, and I think our cooperation is very happy. In my expectation I would have many foreign classmates, and I could talk with them to develop my English.
During the class, the majority of students were taking notes on their laptops and try to write down every key words which can remind them about what kinds of knowledge point they have obtained. However, there were some other students talked to each other about irrelevant topics. Personally, as a postgraduate student, we should concentrate while tutor is talking and showing PowerPoint slides, and take notes simultaneously. Because these notes were crucial and they could directly affect our assessment, that is the reason why everyone should be concentrated and pay attention to tutors, instead of some irrelevant issues.
The classmates are hard working in class. Everyone learns in different way, some people like to take notes by  using computer but some people prefer pen and paper. In the class, some students always have new idea for teacher's answer.Most students have their own friends cycle, so when we leave lecture, we don't have the chance to talk with each other.I would like to have a communication with more students, I want to learn about their learning way and way of thinking.
There are some Chinese students whose English is very fluent. There are some students who study very well. They're not nerds. Their after-school life is very rich. They study hard and play hard.
:     Some of classmates can have interact with teacher when we have classes, the most important thing is their opinion are really mature and professional, which let me feel I have a far distance with ma classmates and I need to work more hard on this kind of aspect.   I expect to have more group talk with difference classmates in the class rather than just supervision group. Because this can help me collect more professional information when we talk with more people rather than just think some thing in a small circle, then we can have a better learning result when we discuss with supervision group members.     
This is the forth week of our autumn term, that means our term near to the half. I have carefully observe some interesting behaviours of my classmates, which really surprise me. Firstly, some students feel sleepy in class, but once they finish class, they become energetic immediately. Besides, some of the students seldom listen to the course carefully and always focus on their mobile phone. And they donnot wish to interact with the teacher. Additionally, they rarely use the resource of the library and put most of their attention to the club and travelling. However, there are some active behaviours of my classmates either. For example, some of the students are really active in class and always ask their questiones to the teacher. Surprisingly, most of these students are the foreigners (not the Chinese). Moreover, we have a lot of teamwork, the team members all wish to contribute their effort to the teamwork. What I expect are that everyone in the class could carefully listen to the class and do their best to controbute the teamwork. And I do wish the class can be more active so that we can learn the konwledge with higher passion and focused attention.
I am supprised that my classmates study hard in every lecture, because nearly everyone want to get a distiniction degree. I am absorbed in the academic atomosphere and i want to become stronger toghther with them.
For the most Chinese students,they are not so willing to express and show their opinions during the course.I think the most challenge is language.I think we should have more interaction with tutors and have courage to show ourselves.
I noticed that a classmate from Spain have many experiences in engineering field, and he always can catch the point about the class. Besides, there are many classmates have a great communication with teachers. I need try to response to the questions from teacher. 'Try to not be shy' is my goal in this year. 
I found that my classmates very quiet and shy,few of us to answer questions.So I expect we can more proactive.
Everyone listens carefully in class and very few people will be late.I hope more people will communicate with teachers in class.
students in my class are very actiive and they always come up with many innovative solutions . I hope that I also can have more creative thinking 
Students in our class are serious about assignments and spend many time on discussing with others.For example,we were asked to prepare a theatrical performance on international business last week and some group  did a perfect job which really took them lot of time preparing.I expected the class would be very active,but it seems students in our class are hesitated to express themselves including me.
I found that the classmates in the class have a great change in their learning attitudes. Especially in this stage of skill learning, it may be that they are confused about the knowledge points they don't understand, so everyone will spend more time asking. I found that some ordinary students seem to have mastered high learning skills, such as making ppt and writing documents. I hope that I can also integrate into a good learning atmosphere, learn more skills and knowledge, and constantly improve my learning ability. At the same time, I also hope that I can humbly ask those top students to learn that I don't know how to study, so as to improve my study skills.
1. I found someone play games by their mobile phones which surprised me a lot. And I used to think everyone would listen to the lecturers carefully and do some notes.2. I found someone was absent and always late which also surprised me. I ecpected that we should be on time unless somethings emergent happens.
I have noticed that our different academic backgrounds have had an effect on how we have each dealt with the course material. For instance, some students do not have as much experience with programming as others, so they have had to work harder to catch up in the modules involving coding. This has not particularly surprised me, as I was aware that the university accepts students with a diverse array of undergraduate degrees on to this course, thanks to the entry requirements that have been published.
Most people are quite confident at speaking. Nothing really surprises me. I expected as I saw, most people are good at listening to others and waiting for their turn to speak. There are a few more confident people and some quieter but overall I don't think there are many that are too far over on either end of that scale.
After a few weeks working together, now I can see the different behaviours of our classmates and their different approaches to the programme. As expected, our class has a huge variety of profiles and as a consequence, also has different points of views. On one hand, I can see that a little more than half of the class (including me) are attending to all the lessons, trying to arrive at the starting hour and also trying to take advantage of each lesson. Even if the lesson is not 100% of our interest. However, on the other hand, there are some people who are skipping some lessons saying that ""isn't my interest"" or ""I have better things to do"". I don't think that these people have a lack of interest in the master program itself, because normally they are attending the classes, but maybe they won't take advantage of all the possibilities that we have.
I'm not sure that I really came in with any expectations per say? Nor did anything surprise me in particular. Seems like a fairly standard academic environment to me. Glad to see that everyone is quite engaged both with the modules and their colleagues.
When noticing my course mates, it is very interesting how every single one comes from a different background. As a student who has already completed his undergraduate study at the university of York doing Music Technology, I find it very interesting how my new course mates approach different topics in different ways. I must admit I have not observed that many things about their behaviour.
My course mates are fairly similar in their behaviour, some of them don't turn up to all of the timetabled lectures. Some of them seem to have little life outside of university, although this could just be because they don't talk to all of the other students in the class.
From my observations of classes students I have not seen anything that I find particularly surprising. As expected, student seem fairly engaged with the material being delivered during lectures. Some students tend to take many notes where other will take very few, however this is not surprising as I understand that individual student benefit from different methods of engagement with the lectures.
 I was a little surprised that students and lectures are being very informal(in Korean standard).  I thought my uni had very informal and easy-going atmosphere in classes but it would take some time (like one semester) to get 'closer' and being informal each other but our course had more friendly air.  Also, they have at least one hobby or activity for their free time.  Some of them play rock music and others play sports.  I was surprised that many postgraduate students still do activities and that encouraged me to join student societies in uni.  
Students in my class are not as proactive or passionate as I think. I used to believe when I first meet them, we can easily start a chat about our study or background, because I thought western people are very passionate. But actually the first time I met some of them, they seemed to avoid eye contact with me. This made me feel really worried and anxious. And I also expected I can have some western female friends in my class, but it is unlucky that there are only two female students in this course.
Over the past few weeks, I have observed our performance in class.I think, In the past few weeks, we have been busy with our study, but we have not been slack. Most of the students listen carefully in class and actively cooperate with the teacher. Although most Chinese students are not willing to take the initiative to answer the teacher's questions, they still take notes and listen carefully. Of course, there will be a small number of students because of some reasons or tired may be more easily distracted or sleep. But most of the time, we take it seriously.To my surprise, although most of the class are Chinese students, like me, we are very willing to communicate with classmates from other countries and get along well with each other. When the teacher issued the task in class, everyone was willing to cooperate and get along with each other very happily.I am looking forward to answering the teacher's questions more actively and boldly in the future class time and having academic communication with the teacher in class, instead of being so shy that I just listen to the teacher's explanation in class and dare not express my own opinions.
What surprises me?  Maybe different way of thinking from students in my class surprise me in a large  degree. Because sometimes when I heard some new knowledge from other students, I feel surprised.And another thing surprised me is that spoken English of some students is good , which encourages me to study English harder.What did I expect?   I like the feeling of knowing about different thoughts and I hope that I can improve my English skill so that I can express my opinions in the class like some excellent students.
Last week, in our lecture of International Business, we had a assignment of perform a drama which can indicate the culture difference among multi-active, linear-active and reactive. And what impressed me mostly is the group of Germany, a Chinese man act a German boss who was annoyed by his collegues and subordinates, and he acted vividly and all of us bursted into a laughter.I think it is important for me to learn cultural diversity and keep an open-mind to accept it.
Before taking the class, I thought that this class should be the same as the usual class.Every student is sitting together instead of sitting at a table with a few people like now.I may be more eager to have more time to discuss ideas.But it is quite surprising that every student is very serious about taking lectures and doing exercises.After the class is over, the knowledge in the class is still being discussed and consolidated.The students helped each other and the good atmosphere of learning was what I expected.
From the beginning of the autumn term to the fourth week of study, life in York gradually becomes tense and full of rhythm. I am surprised that all students can quickly adapt to this rhythm of learning and life, and can be excellent to complete the homework assigned by the teacher. Through several lectures in the class and performances of the melodrama, I can feel the enthusiasm and commitment from entire students in Engineering Management. Therefore, these are the things which surprised me a lot. For the things I am looking forward to, it is actually more and more challenges that can make me live more fulfilling and meaningful. Because I enjoy the high-pressure environment, to challenge and break through the limits of myself. That is why I expect more challenges to come.
Most students donot like answering questions. I hope my classmates can be more active.
I found that some students are very active to answer the questions, this is what I lack of. I hope I can be more active in the class.
lacking of communication between classmates surprise me . Before the start of courses, I thought we will get close to each other in our class quickly,but now there are two thirds of classmates whose names I even can't call in our class. I wish we could have more chances to get to know each other.
Actually, when I find there are so many Chinese student in my class, I am so disappointed. Because I thought that I would be on a familiar surrounding but I would like to practice my English. However, some people speak English well and their speaking is great, which surprises me.As for me,I expect I can improve my confident and maintain my speaking in some activities.As for the department, I wish the organization can hold many events and activities for students in order to make Chinese students to adjust study and life.
The biggest thing surprises me is that in my class, there are many students they have several-year working experience. So when we face the same problem they can deal with it with a different angle. And at the lecture, some foreign students they always present the different opinion which can broaden my horizons and make me have an ability to jump out of my comfort zoon (my own culture) so that I can critically review some common sense which I used to believe totally.
I find that some students are very active in interacting with the lecturer, which surprises me. It's exactly what I expected because it can make the classroom atmosphere more active and help the students concentrate on the lecture.
I observed that some students always have communication with teachers. I think it is pretty good and I should learn to them. Besides, how to make all of the groupmates have the same aim is very important.
I saw some students prepare notes in advance according to the Power point contents before class
They are brave enough to say their thoughts, I hope that I can have enough courage to do so.
I find out that each people have different skills and all friendly to everybody. For example, we have class that need to sit in the supervision group,  our member who get first in class will keep the sits for us.
Some students take many notes when listening to the lecture which surprises me, because I think it's nearly impossible for me to write so many notes like theirs when I listen to the lecture in second language. And  from this behavior,  I believe they must understand the course content more and deeper than I do.  I expected that I can also take many notes such as the theory, method, module mentioned and my own understanding , I  think It must be helpful for my study.
I think the students in my class are not  like to connect with teacher, when a teacher wants to have some communication with us ,few of us talk.when we in a group discussion, all my classmates were brilliant,their thoughts are insightful, unique, but when we need to do some presentations or some public speeches, our thinking becomes dull.so,I hope we can feel confident when we need to show us, and have more communication with teachers.     
Everyone’s teamwork is better than I thought. 
I am pleasantly surprised that everyone can actively participate in the classroom. Most of the students' native language is not English. It is not an easy task to listen to the class, but everyone has not given up because of difficulties, or actively participates and interacts with the teacher. Do your homework carefully. I hope that in the future, my English will be better and better, I can quickly understand the meaning of the teacher, and I can further interact with the teacher and quickly master the professional knowledge.
Itfeels good to be back to school after five years of working, but it also feelsquite weird at the same time. The good part is I am completely overwhelmed bytheir energy and passion, and this is exactly what I was hoping to see. Been energeticand curious about everything, some virtues I missed for quite a long time, arepretty common for the most of my classmates. The weird part is some times Istill feel like been working rather than studying at school. Just can’t easilychange the whole mind set, but we will see. What surprise me most is the speedthey adapt to everything, like teamwork, assignment and the environment.Perhaps that’s way people say that the younger you are the more possibilitiesyou have. Kind of envy that, lol. 
Some students are very active in class and they also have lots of novel ideas which really surprise me.   Sometimes, I was not brave to raise my hand to ask or answer questions. Thus,I expected that I could integrate into my class quickly and be active in class and be brave to communicate with teachers and classmates.   Futhermore, I hoped that I could learn more knowledge from classmates and teachers. 
I observed students have a lot of creative ideation. For example, on strategy class, the tutor let us built a  system to recycle water in the home. One student said he'd like to build a biogas tank to complete the cycle. His idea is not only creative but he shares his thoughts with his classmates without reservation. This is very surprising.I am looking forward to finding more creative ideas, being able to remain sensitive to the profession, and being able to share knowledge with others and learn different perspectives from others.
When I started my research regarding my master's studies (universities, masters options, cities, etc...), I always thought that this is a very importnt stage, is a base foundation on which I can build my professional career. So, when I arrived to the city I brought all these thoughts with me. So, when the lectures began, I expected that all the other students have simmilar beliefs and commitment with the studies. What a surprise to found that that is not always valid! I don't know if it is because of the different cultures or maybe because getting here, (in the university and also in the city) was not a big problem for them but I feel that a lot of the students (especially international students) aren't committed with the studies. I want to think that my evidence is partial and my judment will change in the near future.  
Class most students come from different countries and different academic backgrounds, different module also have different professional backgrounds of students to participate in, such as artificial intelligence of students and share with us the data communication, engineering management students and other subjects, we share most of the students academic background is similar to that of computer science, but also has a business background of students joined our department.
Since, It has been 4 weeks I see a lot of good changes happening within my class group. With people from various part of the world and diverse backgrounds we have started to gain a lot of information about the various cultures and even exchange languages. With this way of improving and getting to know each other is now complementing us to work towards a common academic goal since we are gaining better understanding about each  and everyone in the group.
I think the class is full of enthusiasm for learning and will often organize discussionsI hope this discussion goes on, because it's good for us to communicate and learn from each other
Our classmates come from three different countries. Although there are some difficulties in communication, the differences in culture between different countries are also the diversity of our learning. I think this will make our study and thinking space more extensive.
The fourth week, virtually all the studentsare already familiar with, but just the course for project management. As astudent of the Embedded Wireless Systems course, the observed behaviors arediverse, and the following are divided into two categories for analysis.For class discussions with engineeringmanagement courses, most of them have a certain economic foundation. Unlike us,there is a lack of knowledge in this area. This led to their performance alwaysamazed me, and made me realize that my knowledge is lacking. In the future, Ihope to join their group to help me improve my knowledge coverage. For discussions with other courses, becauseof the knowledge base of the course, I can also contribute my ideas in theclass discussion. Most of the students are enthusiastic. For example, theyhelped me to check out the wrong of C code. We hope that the cooperationbetween us will be closer.Although different majors in the course are divided into different groups, each student is actively involved in class discussions. Surprise is that students of different backgrounds could seek common ground while putting aside differences, and get good feedback. In the coming weeks, expect more people to actively participate in class discussions and get good grades together.
In the class, I saw a lot of students listening to the lectures very carefully. This is what I expect. And they usually take some notes, ask some questions to the lecturers. When have group talking, they are very active to talk. However, I also saw some students who playing their mobile phone in the class. Sometimes they listened a little and then continued playing their mobile phone. And there are some students absent. The lecturers sometimes play the joke,Have you even seen the students less than less? I think absence should be avoided.
Overall the behaviour of the students does not surprise me as the behaviours are nearly identical to students from my previous study at an undergraduate level. The behaviours can range between students who are eager to learn and ask numerous questions tot he lecturers, to students sleeping at their desk. The patterns of behaviour I have witness may also be due to a few H level modules also containing undergraduate students.
In my observation, some students like to sit in the front, maybe this can help them study well. And many students also have a good habit of taking notes, it is worth learning. And when we have group assignments and discussions, their ideas and presentation surprise me, I like it and this can help me promote my ability. 
 I found that students are very creative and imaginative, and are enthusiastic about learning. Once we needed to perform a short drama in class ,I was surprised to find that their performances were both excellent ,and they did bring me lots of fun.
Well i saw that all students are very cooperative specially Chinese students most of my class is full of Chinese students but at the same time i saw they are very kind and humble.Always try to help their fellows.Indians students are also very friendly and cooperative and they always look forward to help you.Most amazing thing i saw students are not getting shy in doing any act in front of class which encourage me to speak up and start asking questions in front of whole class because this was the main fault in me i was not able to speak in front of people even i had good points but now i am getting used to these new things.In the start i was expecting that here most students would be British but now i realize it doesn't matter the important thing is to learn with students about their culture ,about their values about their country and now i am feeling so much good even my masters is really fun for me with a lot of knowledge of World.
Most students are still quite apprehensive to talk during lectures and group meetings. Although, I believe they'll come out of their shell soon enough.
My observation of  the behavior of students in my class could be summarized as follows:1.    Students in my class tends to relate mostly well with themselves (same nationality)2.    They really don't  like to share knowledge3.    They communicate mostly in their native or Country language.I had expected I will be in a class where everyone will relate freely with each other and share ideas and knowledge on topical issues of common interest  and most importantly learn from each other's attributes.
In class, there are students from different program. It is obviously the characteristics of students from different program has large variance. Engineering management student seems more active maybe these topics are more attractive to them than to other students.
Almost all of the classmates are very serious in their studies. They did the preparation of class.  When someone doesn't understand concepts in classes, others will explain for he or her.
Boys have a high ability in this profession, but there is a classmate from a foreign country. He has not been exposed to such knowledge before, so homework is difficult for him to complete.
Students who do not study seriously are generally not welcomed by classmates. One of the classmates didn’t like to write homework, just wanted to be lazy, so many students hated him. I think this is a very good phenomenon, indicating that everyone is very diligent in learning.
I think others is normal, I expect other student can listen me carefully and give me some feedback on time.
There are only 7 students in my class. The most surprise thing is that we are unintentionally divided into two groups based on independent learner and passive learner. I expect that our classmates could help each other with study and everyone could  study independently.
What surprises me is that my supervisorgroup team members are very motivated. Sometimes, we did not assign tasks toteam members before we carry out group meetings, but they still take theinitiative to do some tasks, and share it to each other and improve the tasks in the meeting. I expect that the Chinese studentsin my class (including me) should be more positive. Sometimes, the teacher willask us to read some materials before the class. And in the class, the teacher willask us whether we have read these materials. Some of my friends have read it, but theydon't answer yes, and just keep keep silence. I think that is not good and will make teacher unhappy.
The behaviours that Ihave observed are three. Firstly, most of students from China speak their nativelanguage before and after lectures. Secondly, during the lecture some studentshave hungry and others are chatting with their cell phones. Finally, everybodysits in the same bench in each lecture.I expected thatstudents only speak English before and after the lectures and everyone attendedit without distraction.
What surprises me most is that many students are creative and they can always come up with new ideas. Apart from this aspect, I found that many of my classmates are used to reviewing before classes. While what did I expect was that all of the students can interact with tutors actively, however, in fact, we are quiet in class.
Someone has critical thinking in class when tutors ask questions and has many ideas.Besides,someone can speak English fluently. I expect that I can improve my critical thinking and spoken English.
I'm observing that not many people participates in class, maybe because the different culture or difficulty to speak in english but I think it would be good if we all try to participate more. One more thing that I've observed it's that people are very nice and when they talk they seem very smart.
the friendly relationship between classmate surprises me. And I expected a great relationship with my classmate before.  In the class, I found that not only Chinese people are friendly, but also the foreigner people are friendly.
I think my classmates' spoken English are very well.The topics of my classmates communicated with teachers in the class are very novel.
Since our classes started, I have observed that the minority of students take notes that teachers focus down during classes. Obviously, it is an efficient way to study and they must get hang of what teachers said. Meanwhile, some other students don't listen to teachers but take notes from slides continuously. What a surprise act. I expect there are more and more students can concentrate on teachers and take the important things down. The most important thing is that to understand what teachers say at first, and then take the focus points down in textbooks.
Some students in our class have a lot of  new idea. When the professor gives us opportunity for discussion, they usually have some interesting idea. They also show great respect for others' idea.
As i see, i found that different people have different strengths. I found in our class, there is one male who has brilliant speaking ability, so that he answers questions frequently. To be honest, i really admire him because i think sometimes i actually have ideas about problems. Due to my bad oral English, i didn't raise my hand in class. Therefore, what i expect most is that i will give an English presentation in person next week. I hope i could improve my oral English and  get more confidence to speak English in public. So, i really expect next Friday.
 Chinese students are dominant in our class, however, most of us are reluctant or shy to answer teachers' questions actively in the class. Most of questions are answered by those students who are not Chinese. I tried to answer but I felt nervous, I am still trying to deal with it.
Some classmates prefer to sit on both edges of our seats, and sometimes it's difficult for other students who come later access to their seat. I'm little surprised about it, cause sit in the middle have a better vision.  I hope all my classmates can be more familiar with each other, therefore they can feel free to seat with other new classmates.
To be honest, I have no expectations for the students in my class. Although they are very friendly, it is not easy to be friends with them. Everyone seems to have their own small group, they don't want someone to join or someone to leave. In addition, the confidence of some Chinese students in speaking English is very good, I hope I can do the same.
some students have their own unique ideas. I hope that I also can think independently and express my opinions bravely.
I think there are some behaviours that surprises me a lot. The first one is that almost everyone goes to the courses on time and try their best to finish the assignment. We can see many of us working in the library after the course which contributes to a wonderful atmosphere of studying. The second thing that gives me a deep impression is that there are only a few interactions between the professor and students in the course. I think it may be related to the different teaching style. There are more interactions required in MSc courses than before. I expect that it can be improved in the next sessions.
Different students learn different ways of listening in class. Some people like to listen to the teacher directly, while others like to take notes while listening. In a class lecture for an hour, not every student can be engrossed in the class. Sometimes students will drift apart, including myself. In addition, when the teacher asked questions, the students reacted for a long time, or chose to be silent, but this may be because most of the students, including me, are from China, because we have different education methods.
Some students have a really good foundation in English, because some of them have enough work experience and often use English in their work.
Actually I pay more attention on the teacher rather than the students. But I still found someone sleeping in the class which is surprised me. I hope  every student focus on the class, listening what teacher say, watching the slides and taking notes.
I think successful man should be always  full of energy and willing to participate in the meaningful activities around them enthusiastically. On the contrary, the attitude that you do not care anything and just live in your own word will hinder success.A friend of me, Li,  is really a smart man who has critical thinking and seems to be interested in everything in Class. He always pay full attention on what teacher said and come up with his own critical ideas during the group discussion. Another friend of me, Jin, seems like a kind elder brother who can provide the right suggestions at the right time and he can keep claim in any emergent situations.I think both of their behaviors can contribute to success.
Carefullyobserve the behaviour of students in your class. What surprises you? What didyou expect? Take notes on what you see.  
I've noticed that some of my classmates would take some notes before the class, it is quite helpful to absorb more knowledge in the class, another is that some dare to debate with doctors when they hold different opinions, and tutors encourage these conflict thinkings. However, I also found some students would be distracted because of smartphone or something like that.
Foster success: 1. Study hard and never give up2. Have an optimistic and positive attitude towards lifeHider success:1. Can not balance study and life2. Lazy to think and do not have a clear life planI think students who have a clear life plan and make efforts to their goals my succeed easily.
Be positive, brave and also cautious. I think to Catch the opportunity is important. Do not hesitate, just do what you think is right when opportunities coming. It can be a good lesson even if you failed. I remember a guy from Peru in my class who is much elder than me told me that he comes here for his dream. The dream is to study here. So he resigned and came here even he is not at the age of a common student. That inspired me a lot, I think this will be a valuable experience for him in any way. He is very positive, he would like to speak every time when the teacher asked. I may learn from him.
I saw one of my classmate, she always printed the document that teacher put in VLE before the class. I am not sure is she preview the class or not, but I am really sure that she prepare the class. It is a habit to be prepared. I think it is a important habit to be succeeded.On the other hand, one of my group mate never come to class. He said that because lecture is not so important for him. He likes to play music so he spend most of him time in music. However, I think that is not a good reason. Everything is a decision by myself. Why not respect the choice and do that best?
Think more, achieve more. I got a friend who is in the same supervision group with me. He could always have new idea in each project. Although some ideas we could have result or use it, he never gives up, try to think more and more ideas. This is the important reason why we use it in Enterprise project.
absent / no teamwork/ no punctual / work hard/ brave/ Not shy/  - they work hard and want to show others their results whenever good or bad. They tend to try and face the challenges.
Well I think a good communication can help you to success, we have to learn how to do a efficient communication with your group and your classmates, it can save more time for everyone.Besides, share your idea is also very important, everyone can learn the new things from each other,which help us to improve and perfect.As for the behaviours which might hinder success, the first point come to my mind is too shy to ask the questions. If  meet some questions, you shouldn't be shy to ask your group members or teachers for help. You have to tell them your problems in the first time that they will help you to solve them on time so that it won't affect the process.
Being in a restrained atmosphere would only hamper our success. I think the more we indulge into our own activities and along with this also help others, it would benefit us in a lot of ways. I have seen a few students who have been really kind and generous towards others, but on the flip side there are a few who I thought were not willing to get out of their comfort zone. Few students are trying really hard to put in their best foot forward.
Well,there are different factors for people to success and fail. For success, people who are serious, positive and well-regulated would be successful probably .For example, Shuai Chen in my group (group 3) is always make plan about our group assignment, in this way , everyone could range their timetable in advance. I am certainly convenient that it is really critical in a group . Another model in our group is Shuaishuai Gu, a serious girl, she would like to record every point during class, I also make notes but I cannot write every point that tutors said. So I guess she is really successful.As for me, I usually look through the slide by tutors in advance, because I will have a better understand during our class, and I think it is dramatically significant for my successful study. In terms of factors about hindering success, first of all , it is late for our class. Actually it is a small behaviour due to different reasons, but I believe that late is unreasonable and not respect tutors and other students. Another behaviour is he or she did not listen the words from tutors in class and did not do their homework , study is really really really important for us, So I hope everyone could gain a great grade when we finish our taught master.
Undoubtedly, performance in class is the most important, and the performance in class shows your concentration, participation, and understanding. The second is a preview. In the beginning, many students still preview the next day's class contents, but recently the week feels that their attitude is not so positive. For some students, they didn't come to class on time, they were late and absent, but there were very few of them. As far as I am concerned, electronic devices are not allowed in Chinese classes. However, in the UK, the purpose is to study more efficiently, but some students are also distracted. Read a blog or browse an un-related web page in class. Of course, I sometimes get distracted by my phone. But looking at the phone so did not pay attention to listen to that part of the class will take time to supplement, gain more than the loss. Later, I put my phone in my bag to restrain myself. I hope I can be more strict with myself.
Foster success1. Keep studying and Keep asking questions.2. Review and preview the course we learned.Hinder success1. Be lazy and wait too long to study
behaviour will foster success:1. take notes in class-at least proving the student listening to the teacher's lecture2. independent thinking-understanding the teacher's lecture and have their own opinions and ideas3. ask questions-prove that these students think about the lecture carefully4. participate in the group discuss activelybehaviour will hinder success:1. not attending the class2. do other things not related to class with his or her phone or laptop3. never think about the lectures4. start studying before exam
I think what we need to do first is to set a goal, and then we can work hard to get the goal. The most important behavior is self-control i think, everyone know what is success, such as study, we all know that work hard and read more books can get high marks in the final exam, but computer games, movies, shopping and some other activities can always attract us away from learning. what we need to do is try to control ourselves and arrange a good timetable between learning and having fun. 
Firstly I think people who can manage time effectively  is more likely to success. Because these people have abilities to solve problems independently rather disturb others. For example, one girl in my group is a little ""trouble maker"", who always delay assignment submission and bother me for a long time for help,even about very easy cases, when I'm busyfor my businesses. And dealing with socal relationship well is another key skill. Although the boy in my group devote much time to our group, he is not willing to communicate with others friendly. Sometimes I feel a little embrrassed when talking to him. I will check my self to avoid owning these weaknesses.
Hinder success: some people in my group hardly went to class. I also saw some classmates play the phone or have a sleep in the class.Foster success: Listen carefully in class, take notes, interact with teachers actively, answer teachers'questions actively, review after class, and communicate with teachers when confronted with problems they do not understand。
First of all, the leader of our group, Thomas, who led us to complete the group work was very orderly. Every time everyone lectures, they will often gather together to discuss the operation of the enterprise and some classroom activities arranged in the classroom. Every time Thomas can make each team member play his special skills to complete the group work.So I think that having strong leadership, correct thinking and reasonable arrangements makes it easier for us to succeed.In fact, everyone will delay the progress of learning, laziness, teamwork is not easy to hinder success, but the members of our group are very harmonious and everyone is doing their homework on time.
I think there are lots of way to help me. First, everyone share stances which could help groupmates acquire more knowledge. Second, looking for evidence to support your opinion. Third, reading the relevant article and journal, understanding the newest information about our major. On contrary, it is also have behaviors could hinder our success. I think the most important thing is refusing authoritarian. Authoritarian could kill the creativity. I heard that in other group, there is a leader, i think it is not correct.
Firstly, as a student, we should be work hard in class and try to obtain as much knowledge as you can. Because we are just students, so we will be lack of professional knowledge, so self-learning behavior (skill) will be very useful. I have observed 2 students, both of them were very hardworking, they took notes in every class carefully. After class, they went to the library to make some further research to enhance their knowledge and make deeper investigation.
Firstly, in my mind ,I think we should work hard. We have to keep positive attitude to learning；establishing the goals, becoming motivated when we know exactly what is expected and, therefore, achieve more.
Previewing the course will help you learn better. Working actively with your group will make your work more efficient. Boshu Jin, a male classmate of mine, who always reads tons of recommended books, has a huge reserve of knowledge, which could help him keep pace with the teacher easier. I admire him very much.
:     I used to put all the thing before deadline, my group colleagues always help me to do thing follow the timetable, which really help me have a better achievement of assignment than I do all the things before the deadline. In addition, we have a good cooperation with each other and everyone can express own opinion. These behaviors really can foster success.   Some of our group member more prefer to stick to my point of view when we have different opinion we need to have more time to adjust each other. If we have different opinion next time , we can find more evidence to support our opinion and persuade our colleagues.
Actually, there are different types of the students who have different attitudes towards study. Therefore, they will gain the different results. When it comes to the behaviours which can foster success, I think it might be several factors. At first, the students should be active in class and always interact with the teacher. Besides, I do think the critical thinking is really important, our student should be critical to the konwledge we have learnt and always do the independent thinking and studying. Therefore, we can have a deep understanding of the konwledge. Additionally, we should always raise the question to the konwledge we did not familiar with and keep contact with our teacher to solve the problem. As for the behaviours which will hinder success, I can list several points. For example, donnot listen carefully in the class and always focus on their mobile phone. Moreover, I do feel angry about the certain behaviour of some of my team members. Some of them always do the minimum work and even did not finish their task at all. When I act as the leader of the team, I divided the task into several part and we focused on small part every meeting. I was really angry to find that some of the team members did not finish the task, but they do have the time to do the travelling and cooking. I was very confused and angry, because the task is not too difficult and I have undertake the most difficult part. But I finally comfort myself I have other members can help me with the task. Teamwork doesn't mean you can do nothing during the process, otherwise, you will learn nothing from the course. 
When it come to the behaviour fostering success,i would like to say that my group memeber have a positive attitude to group tasks.We always try our best to analyse problem and think of all kinds of solutions as well as researching them.In this way,i believe we can get the success and become the best group.However,to some students,they may be lazy to group tasks and do not think the assignment in advance.Besides,they do not have their own opinions to one specific problem and only agree with other memebers regardless of what they say is wrong or right.
Some students make a lot of  preparations for the group assignment and put forward very advisable opinions  for the group. However,for some other students,they spent very limited time on the group assignments and never show their opinions on assignments which is very detrimental for the success of the group.
1.foster success   1) try to cooperate with others, especially in team work .   2) show energy to learn the things you don't know.  3) set the goals  4) make fiends and to be a good listener   5) to understand different cultures2.hinder success  1) stay in the comfortable zone  2) lazy  3) over-confident
I think brave,active ,cogitative and resolute will foster success.And timid ,irresolute will hinder success.I don`t know their names, one of the men always answer questions actively,and discussed with our teachers after class.Some of our classmates concentrated on their own work instead of listening carefully.
firstly ,actively participate in group discussions .secondly , clear  goals and think of more ways as much as possible . But negative treatment of problems and learning will suffer failure .
I think finishing task on time,gaining knowledge actively and communicating with others will foster success and if you have not had you heart in you work will hinder success.There are several students in our class are very active and always respond to teachers' questions no matter whether right or wrong.It doesn't mean that students who keep silence are unconscious but those active students would feel more confident through exchanging thoughts with teachers.
Foster success:1. listen to lecturers carefully in the classes2. take notes3. communicates with lecturers and classmates frequently4. do homework timely5. read the reading materials 5. review the contents after classHinder success1. be always late or absence from classes 2. don't do homework3. don't review the contents
I feel that attending as many lectures as possible will foster success, as well as fulfilling the recommended forty hours of study per week. I also believe that planning an approach to each semester's assignments well in advance will also give the greatest chance of success.  In order to be more likely to succeed, It is also important to ensure that more attention is given to subjects that are found difficult, rather than spending all of one's time on those that one finds the easiest, as this will mean that one will obtain a more well-rounded knowledge with which to complete assignments. I have observed other students in the class carrying out this behaviour.A behaviour that I feel would hinder success would be not appropriately balancing academic and social commitments. Another one would be not getting enough sleep.
I'm sory, I don't understand a question. What success ? Describe several students - how ? Can You explain ? 
Some people are very cut and dry with there opinions and decisions. An example would be that if they were to run/lead a project and somebody in their group wasn't pulling their own weight then the leader would get rid of the person from said project with little to no remorse.  This could hinder success as it could lead to explosive arguments and holes in the team whereas that person may have performed better in another role had the been reallocated instead of being thrown out. I believe this attitude can work if many chances have been given to the person that is a hinderance and the problem has been identified and is unsolvable without getting rid of that person. However, to give people who may be struggling a chance first and help them out is the better option.
Hard to describe particular behaviours. If there's anything that stuck out is Ben's curiosity and willingness to ask questions. I think this trait is valuable when trying to absorb as much useful and accurate knowledge as possible. Certain students can be a bit quiet, though I'm not sure that would 'hinder success' as they're still enthusiastic and gladly contribute when asked.
I believe that a key to success is balance. It is always important to be confident and felling relaxed about raising your voice and  expressing your opinion. The danger in this case is being overconfident which could result into looking unaware of different circumstances. In addition to that people may appear to be annoying or seem not to be taking things seriously. I think it is very essential to be humble and project your strengths in the right moment. Instead of shouting out loud all the things you are good at, it is better to talk about them or even better perform them when you are asked to. It is very essential to show that you have innovative ideas and you can think outside the box. I strongly believe that good ideas is one of the most expensive things now days. This requires both creativity and hard work, because the more in depth you get into any project, the more you understand how challenging it can be.On the other hand I can think of plenty of bahaviours that would hinder success. Things that oppose all the things mentioned above such as overconfidence, absence of excitement and bad attitudes are a good things to avoid. Furthermore I believe that people should avoid talking about themselves or making humor too often, as it becomes hard for them to be taking seriously. In addition to that ethical or political opinions should be avoided. But it is very essential to keep a friendly status while avoiding all of the above.
Attending and engaging with all of the lectures will certainly help foster success. Not engaging or attending will obviously not help this. A few students don't turn up to many lectures, not because they don't engage with the content, but because they can't get out of bed on time. This behaviour isn't going to help them at university. 
As mentioned above, for some students taking many notes that they can reference back to will help with their intake of the lectures. I also feel that for some students, myself included, taking extensive notes can distract from completely listening to the material that is being delivered. My personal approach is to only take notes on key pieces of information that I will not find in the lecture slides, then to review the lecture slides after lecture to take notes that demonstrate my understanding of the subject.I have noticed that not all student attend every single lecture. Without reasonable cause I do feel that this would hinder a students learning. I see the importance of covering all of the delivered material and see that missing out on lecture material and on the lecturers description of that material may hinder a students ability to understand the material.
In my opinion, being on time is important in any situation.  I have seen some student being late on classes(including myself).  Sometimes lecturers had to wait 3-5 minutes.  In workplace, this would not be accepted and would not happen often, but it happens here.  Many students are involved in lectures and they do not hesitate to ask questions.  Being active and involved is necessary to be a successful student.  Some students ask questions individually after the lecture.  It would be better off to everyone if they share questions and answers with others because others may also have same questions in their minds.  
Taking notes in lectures, asking question after class, reviewing notes everyday and good time management will foster success. Sometimes surfing internet by using telephone in class may hinder success. I didn't notice other's behaviours, so I can't describe them. Maybe they are very good at studying and doing musical things which can help them to succeed in this course.
In the behavior in class, I think, some students not only listen carefully, but also actively ask and discuss with the teacher when they don't understand the questions, and take notes when they hear important contents.I think this is a very efficient learning behavior in class, so I think such students will succeed. Like my classmate Shihan Zhao who is a hardworking girl. She always concentrates on the tutor in class and take notes carefully.  I think this is a very efficient learning behavior in class, so I think such students will succeed.However, there are also some behavior s that do not pay attention to lectures, such as sleeping in class, daydreaming, chatting with peers or playing games. In addition, students who do not understand the content of the teacher's lecture and do not ask questions or act negatively will not succeed.
 In my opinion, there are many behavious can foster success, such as serious attitude, wide social circle, and the ability of sticking to something. For example,in my group, Hao Wang is very serious and Jianan Shi has many friend. However, there are also some behavious that can hinder success, such as aimlessness, laziness and so on. 
foster success: I have known a man who is really self-discipline, he is good at time managing and he act strictly by his timetable. It makes difference with those people who can or cannot manage his time. As we known, we have limited time and energy so we cannot do everything well, so we need to manage our time. The more time management you do, the closer you get to success.hinder success: On the contrary, what hinder success is that you cannot manage your time, and have no self-discipline. I think several people around me are not very willing to learn, they may have a rich family so they are not thirsty for success. As an old saying goes, ‘He that lies down with dogs must rise up with flea'. I suppose that it is also a bad thing. 
I think the three elements that determine success are: hard work, persistence, and modesty. I remember seeing a student in the class. He always took notes with steel notes and listened to the class very seriously. This has greatly encouraged me, because among Chinese students, few people have used pens to take notes. Everyone basically uses computers to do this kind of thing. Another example, I want to list myself. This year is the third year of my fitness. I have become a relatively strong figure from the very slim body at the beginning, all relying on my three years of persistence, so persistence is the cornerstone of every successful person.The last point is also the key to success. Only modest talents can accept their own deficiencies and become better.For me, the most critical part of hindering success is playfulness and slackness. For example, many students use some social software to entertain in the classroom, or watch some videos and ignore the classroom order. These are the performances of playfulness and slackness. If they still don't make changes, only failure will wait for them.
I think be outgoing and always show youropinions in your team can foster scuess. If you donot communicate with others you will never success.
I think it is not good to keep mobile on inthe class, and I think keeping some notes is a good habit for us.
My friends ,as well as my classmates ,are  good at cooperating  with others and critical thing, which I feel will foster success. I heart from my classmates that  some students are selfish and arrogant and refuse to cooperate with others, these behaviors will hinder success.
In my opinion, if I have strong belief to achieve my goals, I will work hard and access to success. For instance, my goal is to be distinctions, and I will treat my homework ever time carefully. On the contrary, one of my classmates said that she just want to pass exams and enjoy life, so I think that behavior will hinder her success. Therefore, I think the belief and goals are important factors to succeed.Besides, some of students are likely to be late for class and absent to courses, which will hinder success.
In my opinion, most students are willing to share their idea and information to others. It is good behaviour which will foster cooperation and success. But sometimes, some students are too shy to engage in the class. It is bad behaviour which will make tutors and other students disappointed and create an unfriendly atmosphere in the class. For example, at the last International business lecture, John asked us to act as people from different background, some students they are too shy to show themselves totally.
Interacting with lecture and taking notes will foster success. Chatting with students sitting aroud ourselves about topics irrelevant to the lecture will hinder success. I've observed these behaviours, but I can't remember who did these. 
I think getting knowledge, information, and changes initiative is the key to success. In addition, it is necessary for a good student to finish his work timely and do some extensive research.
It is helpful to preview the lecture power point and references given by the professors in advance
Following teachers train of thoughts and working hard will foster success, Focus on playing mobile phone and pay attention on having fun will hinder success.
By careful note taking, listening to the lecturer and previewing the material beforehand are all good ways to foster success. Browsing social media, conversing with classmates and discussing things that are not related to lecture will hinder success. And I found that someone played video game in lecture. Worst case scenarios includes student not even turning up to their lectures, however it's hard to say whether this can foster or hinder success. It's also dependent on the amount of work the students do outside of the lecture.
I think in a group people need to have offertory to another people. Like one member in our group he will always happy to help us to finished all the situation.  
I deem that working with group efficiently(everyone did their own assignment on time and share feedback each other) and having active discussion with members will foster success. Also digesting the course content and solving the problem timely will foster success. On the contrary, some students spend a little time on studying and do not review the classes which will hinder the success.
Time management will foster success,for example Shaofan Wang always get up at 6:30 a.m,and go to the gym,then take a shower,and attend the classes in time.I think people who can do good time management and self-control goodly will foster success. Shaofan also good at carding our assignments.Most successful people are organized
The girl in our group, Qichen, she is a very thoughtful girl. Efforts are something that many people can do, but imagination and creativity are not for everyone. But I think this is an important factor for success. Only by thinking of what others can't think of and creating something new will you have more chances to succeed.Teamwork is also very important. She is happy to share her thoughts with everyone, teamwork, continuous improvement of her ideas, and a small idea into a mature and implementable plan.
Ha-ha, most people from China would considerdescribe someone in the bad way behind their back is kind of rude behavior, butsince it is confidential I’ll just put the blunt truth here. Good: Zilin Fan is a good listener and executor,she would be full heart on her task. Such a trust worthy person makes you fellat ease when you give the person a work. Qi Chen always have all kinds of ideasand willingly to share, which makes her our brainstorm queen in the team. Lin Wangknows how to keep the team members in the optimistic way.Bad: Take Huaqing Li as an example, he is quitelacking of motivation at most of the time, I had to push somehow all the time.But he gradually realized this problem. Another Example is myself, I tend totook most of the work myself, rather than put my faith in my teammates. As itturns out to be time consuming and dictatorial. I will put them in the “trialand error” situation more often. Hopefully, things would head on the right course.Miao Chen is still kind of lost, I believe she could achieve something biggerin her life when she knows what she really wants. 
In my opinion, behaviors like keeping integrity, keeping diligence, being tolerant and learning will foster success. On the contrary, laziness ,lack of responsibility and lack of tolerance will hinder success. Students in our class are divided into several groups,some of them are willing to cooperate with others and are very patient with group members. However, some of them don't know how to cooperate with their group members and are not tolerant of group members. I think behaviors like this are not good for us.
In terms of fostering success, many students will read the materials carefully to help understand the content of the class before class. After class, they will review the content in the class, and will feedback and summarize what they learn every weekend. I think that such learning methods and habits will be of great help to success.In terms of hindering success, I believe that incorrect time management can hinder success. Some students can't reasonably distinguish between learning and entertainment time, spend most of their time on entertainment, and often leave the learning task before the deadline, which makes learning very passive.
I have found  good characteristics for this course in two friends, one from spain and another from india.To foster success in the master's studies:Assist to all the lecturesPerform the required activities by the teachersContinuous work for the works expected by weeks close to the end of the termTo not limit the knowledge to the classroom, go beyond, look for the answers in the books, in the web, discuss with the classmates.Look for a good life-work balance.In the other hand, I have met some people from china that fits with the following statements to hinder success:No put attention to the lectures.Let that the homeworks stacks up without addressing them appropriately.Play games in the classrooms while the teacher is trying to explain something.Poor commitment with workteam.
First of all, hard study is a very necessary factor for a success, a wide understanding can help us start to succeed, otherwise even the starting point can not be set.On the other hand, learning to share with others is one of the conditions to help us understand success. Sharing what we have learned and learning from others is the most effective method, because we will simplify what we know and make it easier to understand in the process of expression.
I think it is helpful to record the key knowledge that the instructor mentioned in class during the class. I often see some of my classmates taking notes seriously during class. At the same time, I also noticed that some students are using mobile phones during class. I think this will affect our attention, which may lead us to miss some knowledge.
In my opinion, the team will have differentroles involved in cooperation, which will have different results in negativeand positive behavior.On the one hand, it is undeniable thatpositive behavior drives cooperation to succeed. For example, activelyparticipate in meetings, contribute their own views, and discuss on the basisof moral claims. All of these actions will greatly promote the success of thecooperation.On the other hand, it cannot be ignoredthat negative behavior is difficult to remove. Negative behavior occurs for avariety of personal reasons. For example, absentee meetings, even profit byother people's toil, do not respect the way others work. Many negative behaviorscould happen, and we hope that our team can make corrections.For example, David, who often provides inspiration to groups based on his own experience. However, if some team members only participate in the discussion in the meeting, but do not contribute their literature what they have found, it will steal the work of other members to some extent.
The good behaviours are pre-reading the course slides and going to the classroom early before the class begin. And listening carefully in the class, finishing assignments in time. These will foster success. For some bad behaviours like being absent from class and copying other's assignments, these will hinder success.
Going from the behaviours mentioned above, the behaviour that will generate the most success would be the student's behaviour to ask questions to the lecturers as this shows that the student wants to not only learn the current material, but to go beyond what was presented at the lectures. The behaviour that will bring hindrance will be the student who sleeps as this appears to be a waste of everyone's time, himself included. 
I think positive communication is an important factor for success. For example, I know a girl who is willing to talk with strangers.Although  she was not good at English and sometimes made jokes, but that didn't matter, she enjoyed the conversation.
Carefully observe the behaviour of students in your class. What surprises you? What did you expect? Take notes on what you see. 
Being out spoken and direct fosters success as this way the group knows what the team member (one speaking) has in mind. Good ideas can be shared and ones that aren't good can be worked on by communication.Being quiet/shy hinders success as good ideas can go unnoticed if no one spoke. Also lets the team down if no one speaks.
Behavior that will foster success:1.    Commitment and determination to excel in ones endeavors2.    Give quality time to self study and make positive efforts towards improving on ones deficiencies.3.    Seek for help in times of difficulty 
Being a modest person is good for success. Because modest people will receive respect from others. Showing off is not a good habit. It will make people overestimate themselves.
I think it is a good idea that to be prepared before going to class. A student in my class usually preview lab scripts and he can finish tasks fast then discuss questions with the teacher. But some classmate leaves assignment to the last minute. This is not a good habit because it not only push him to high risk of miss the due time but also easily miss opportunities.
Will help the mutual aid society to help everyone grow up well, whether in learning or after school, but help is to explain rather than replace him to complete some things, this is a failure help.
Like some of the classmates  who I mentioned above. Homework is not willing to do it by themselves . They just want to help through other students, not willing to think. In this way,  they will not be able to learn new knowledge.Independent learning is an important indicator, every graduate student should have such skills.
I think the communication is a factor to foster success, and simply introduce your things is not good.
Foster success—1.Most of my supervisor group team members are willing to share their idea withus. Sometimes, their ideas are not so good, or they are repeated with otherideas, but this kind of communication make our team closer to the success.2. One of our team members will plan forthe next meeting and make a timetable for it3. There is a temporary leader in ourgroup every week. Everyone has the chance to exercise themselves. Besides that,Different leadership styles will improve our teamHinder success---1. One of our teammembers seldom puts forward his own ideas, and even talks very little.2. Sometimes our meetings deviatefrom the meeting theme and our plan. Sometimes we focus on details that are notvery relevant to our assignment requirements.
These are behavioursthat I feel it will foster success.Alejandro is a good student. He always defends theirargument to convince us. This is good behaviour because it motivates to debate,and everyone can learn more about the subject in this way.Ibby likes to askquestion in the class. Asking question is good way to learn more about thesubject.Most Chinese studentslike to study hard during every day without rest. This is good because in theclass students will be more competitive.There are behaviourswill hinder success.
In my opinion, the behaviours that can foster success are communication, cooperation, innovation, optimism, having the sense of responsibility, curiosity and so on. In contrast, the behaviours such as procrastinating，being negative，being lazy would hinder success.A behaves positively in our class and he is willing to have interaction with tutors. In addition, he is extroverted and we all want to make friends with him. B is older than us and he has many working experiences. Furthermore, he is very rigorous and precise. However, I think it would be better if he is more flexible.
Foster success:work hard,regular reflection by yourself,learn more from others'advantages,have responsibility.Hinder Success:Be lazy, overconfident
The behaviours that will foster success are:Participation: In order to succeed we have to get everyone to talk Commitment: When there is set a group meeting we all come in time and not late so we can work and do as much as we canThe behaviours that will hinder success are:Shyness: when we don't talk because we are afraid of what other will say may cause problems in the team because we may make the wrong decision. this has happened in my group but I think we are fixing it with time.Another behaviour is the proactiv. Many people in my master I've seen that don't do anything until another person does it and I think that can hide success.
I think advance preparation will foster success and idleness will hinder success.For example,my classmate successfully campaigned for course representative because he prepared his speech in advance. 
Some good behaviours such as doing preparation before classes, take notes down during classes and review the things that have been studied. These behaviours will foster success. It is a good habit no matter in study or work in the future. Express ourselves as much as we can. On the other hand, I see some students playing games during classes in the classroom and they don't listen to teachers and concentrate themselves on games. Maybe these behavious will hinder success.
Some students usually show great curiosity to the point which is given by the professor. I think this is a good way to foster success. There also be some students who never cares what has been mentioned in the lecture. Maybe some did not attend every class.I think this would hinder success.
In fact, i find that when the group assign the task, each group member carefully think about and complete the task in time, they will get succeed and get a good ranking. For instance, our group do the assignment seriously in each course, so that we have a opportunity to do presentation in strategic management. However, as i know, in some groups, there are some students who are negative in their homework, like don't complete the group task. these behaviors will hinder success in groups and individuals.
Jin is a Chinese student who worked for 5 years before come here. In other words, he is older and more experienced than most of students. He is the one who answer teachers' questions actively in the class. I think the passion and brave are essential to success, to conquer the things make you uncomfortable, to do what you are fear to do.
I believe that self-confidence is the most important factor in promoting success. When a tall Chinese boy answered the question, his performance was very confident, which made his answer more convincing. Sometimes I also have the same answer, or a better answer, but I am nervous and shy about answering questions, which are important factors that hinder my success.
Many behaviours can foster success.For example: study hard, communicate activity and good self -control. But I think that low level of English listening and out of communication are very bad.I think some people in my groups are very nice .They study hard and also like communicationg with others. I sould learn from them and I believe that we both can success. 
I think asking questions in the session will lead to success. Some students (Sorry, I don't know their names.) had questions in the course and discussed it with the professor. In this process, students got promotion in the understanding of the issue and it means they did listen to and taking part in the course, rather than pretending listening. And I think the group assignment is a very good way to success. During the group assignment, we have a time to communicate with each other, share our own knowledge and integrate it together. We can make progress faster that single work. However, there are also some behaviours that will hinder success including being absent from the course and doing something unrelated during the course. These behaviours do harm to the MSc learning in the long run.
Following the class, thinking and thinking about the class, taking notes, previewing before the class, reviewing after the class.sleeping in the class, do not finish the homework, distracting in the class, playing cellphone in the class.Some student always play their phones in the class, maybe they can hardly understand what teacher say but i think they still can watch the slides and try their best to follow the teacher.
First of all, I think the lecturer's scope and specification are very clear, and they always tell the students about their theme at the first time in the lecture. Then, they will carry out a step-by-step explanation according to their theme logically. In the meantime, they will use video, pictures and other means to help us understand easily in a way that uses practical examples in production and life. Finally, they can draw a reasonable conclusion. 
Thelecturers are all hoping to know more about us. This will be able to meet ourneeds and develop our abilities as much as possible. At the end of the course,we will assign tasks to us as needed.
I think the scope and specification of the lectures are based on what they think is important knowledge, for example：The course of BB, he taught the definition of marketing, development history, marketing model, strategy and other important knowledge in the scope. In the specification, he impacted knowledge with different teaching methods, such as the example of modern brands, cases study and other methods focus on 4ps, 7ps these marketing strategies, it is very easy to understand.NJ's course content is very broad, but he can balance the breadth and depth of knowledge very well.Professor TW talked about the types of English law. In the specification, he used case study and express them specifically.In the class of international business, JI talked about the differences in cultures, differences in people's behaviors, and other aspects. In the specification, he focused on the typical models of differences. In order to deepen the impression of students, he played a game to make us better absorbed the knowledge.JN's couse is also very extensive, but he also highlights key knowledge.
Firstly,the lecturer defines main contents by our own curriculum design and schedule.They choose our course contents step by step.Then,they may judge which are the proper sources. I think they should choose themost relevant sources first. These sources can be easily understood.Finally,the course contents have many different forms. For example, some interestingpictures and video are very attractive.
I think that all teachers can do basic and clear communication of knowledge, of which I like John of international business and Joanna of strategy management the most. I think their way of teaching is more attractive and more acceptable. Taking the lecture of international business as an example, John began to teach from the cultures of countries around the world. He believes that business is closely related to different cultural backgrounds because culture is a basic behaviour and logic of people. I think it's easy to understand the key to this course from here.
I think the scope of the course is just right. I can understand the knowledge of each lesson and review it after class to absorb what I have learned.At the same time, the content set in each lesson is connected, there will not be many jumps.
I think every lecturer is very serious about their lecture. They try to give as much information as possible. In every lecture, lecturer focus on a topic or a main point. Using the main point and combine with the company's case. Therefore, we can learn more from the different case. Lectures find the best case for the main point. However, I think they can use one company in whole term for the same course. It can let us understand the complete company and also understand the cause and effect in whole things.
Personally, I think the lecturers would give audiences (student) a first impression about what they want to talk about, like put the key words in the ppt or give some examples to make an introduction. It is very important, to get interest from the audiences.
Firstly, The lecturer needs to know the time and topic.then, he can arrange his lecture, for example, how many sliders he wants to make.Next step, he might choose the materials what he wants to talk.Personally, I think the lecture should be attractive, clear and filled knowledge.In order to be attractive, ppt should have some pictures and a clear structure. Furthermore, the procession of the lecture should be logical. 
As all the professors have their own outline about the subjects, they can make the lecture very logical and clearly. But for our students, when we need to do the presentation, professor will give us some topics to choose, which is really helpful for us to decide the scope and specification of our presentation. We could analyse the topic to find some keywords and we can design our lecture with ""what, why, how"" about the topic. It can really help us to get a logical presentation, and I think this logic could be easy for the lecturer to remember and easy for audience to understand. Besides this, sometimes teacher will give us some questions we should answer in our presentation or some perspectives to help us to thinking and summarizing our views. With this clear outline, we can search the information about the topic and define what we should going to talk about.
International Business - I think this module has a different touch to it and to top that up, John always has some fun activities in store for us. He explains the module more in a practical way than a theoretical way.Law - Really concerned about this module as it has a lot to do in a short period of time.Enterprise - Noel does teach this module a bit fast and maybe rushes a bit through the main points. Management - It's a really good module for our future as it will further establish us in a more managerial position. Plus Bidyut is teaching this module really well.Strategy -  I love this module a lot as it helps me think in a more innovative way.
Actually  I am really interested in these teaching style in the University of York, because most of courses were interesting and activity.For instance, during International Business, John always gives us different interesting activities including program, presentation , he usually plan his course according to small things in our life and then sensitive our brainstorm ,we can not only gain knowledge but also improve teamwork and critical thinking.In my view ,most lectures plan their topics according to module requirements and reflection from students. Firstly, the teaching quality is the most significant point in our study because it is related whether students could learn skills or not. Actually, high quality in teaching means that e could gain better skills for students ,which is helpful for their work in the future. Secondly,  lectures adjust and change their contents due to different results after last class. It is critical for students to gain more suitable intellect.
In this semester, we have a total of seven courses, among which PERSONAL EFFICIENCY is a skill course with emphasis on operability. Therefore, it has little to do with the teacher's presentation, but Bidyut has done an outstanding job. For other classes, the teacher's teaching effect plays a crucial role in students' understanding of knowledge points. For each session, teachers have been fully prepared regarding courseware preparation and case analysis before class. The significance of the research background is also clearly expressed. Knowledge points correspond to background questions. Just one course of LAW may be a little difficult for Chinese students to understand because there is a lot of professional vocabulary. Although there are many cases, oral cases cannot be particularly intuitive to understand. We are also working hard to understand and read to increase our understanding. However, I hope that the background significance and case analysis of LAW class can add some supporting materials, such as video or document, to assist understanding.
Before every lecture, we all have been informed of the reading list as well as the specific chapter. If we actually finish these reading lists on time, we can be prepared before this lecture with a clear mind of what the content the lecturer is going to talk about. In addition, the handouts and ppt are all available in yorkshare VLE, we can download these documents before the lecture and combine what we have read with the key points listed in the handouts/ppt to have a thinking or even to have a prediction to what our teacher will going to say. it is very helpful for us to have a further understanding. the lecturers all have the sense of humor. For example, they made jokes and provide the relative examples of some celebrities, which is a good way to engage students' interest to understand the lecture unconsciously.
The lecture notes of International business are presented in word format, listing each point and giving a detailed introduction to the content of a class, but it seems a bit messy. The objectives of each class of Management of technology are clearly presented in the form of PPT. The content scope of Law for engineering management is clear, but relatively difficult to understand. The content of Marketing of technology is simple and clear and easy to understand.Personal effectiveness and masterclasses have clear goals.Enterprise content is clear. Strategic management of engineering management range accuracy.
To be honest, I think when they choose their topic , one of the most essential elements to think about is how can we put the theory into practice . As we all know , some theory of management is to difficult to understand, so they can give us some simple example to understand the theory. In other hand , they also choose the topic which is strongly relevant to the trend of development , because the knowledge we learnt must be useful.
International Business: During this lecture, I felt a lot of difference between the usual class while the teacher always using Word and simple PPT to explain what we gonna do in the future.Management and marketing of technology: Clear and Classify definition Law for Engineering management: Different speakers bring different stylesMSc Personal Effectiveness and masterclasses: Each lesson has a clear understanding of what the class wants to explain, and additional homework to help understandStrategy management for EM: The lecturer style from the company is interesting, then she likes to use different tasks to let us understand the business strategy.
In my opinion, some of our lecturers spoke very clearly in class. Every lecturer has slides that state comprehensive knowledge of our course and list significant point. In the class, lecturers not only make detailed explanations according to one knowledge point but also expand more. 
I think that the instructor often points out some points in the class, such as the concept of 4P, the rest of the need to understand ourselves, or to find some information under the class to improve what is learned in the class. As a graduate student, the teacher gave us a lot of time for self-study. Most of the time we decided what we learned and what we learned. We master our own learning direction, master our research direction, control our time, and manage ourselves. The instructor is responsible for giving a big direction, and the rest of us rely on ourselves to complete the study.
According to each weeks lecture, I like International Business and Strategic management best. These two lecturer are good at concentrating students' attention. They have good language skills to make student follow them. Also, we are always happy with their jokes and are willing to take part in the activities they ask us to do after the lecture. 
I think lecturers have to introduce their subject in a short term, and tell the audience who you are and  why you are giving this presentation. May be it is better for audience to show a table at beginning, which can tell them what the presentation is about and what will be covered.And smile because it can make the audience feel more welcome.The lecturer did it very well.
In the technology class, Noel has a good organization for the curriculum, and the overall knowledge is gradual. Starting from energy, it gradually talks about the knowledge related to management.However , I think there is too much thing about the energy  about 3 weeks in the class are mainly about the energy , in my opinion, there should be more knowledge about the management technology  or some analysis rather than energy. In the market technology department, the teacher has taught us a lot of methods of market analysis. From the initial market positioning to the final self positioning.Combined with the content of the career course, the whole course organization seems to be more plentiful. In the international business, teachers start with cultural differences, let us pay attention to cultural differences in international exchanges, and then involve the process of capitalism and globalization. The whole process is gradual and reasonable.  
Multimedia teaching is now used in the classroom, and the teacher will streamline the content of the class to the document, which will make it easier for students to understand the central content of the teacher.The teacher's focus is on improving students' professional skills and professional knowledge. This will allow students to become more familiar with the future work of this major.
Sometimes the teacher will give a simple example to introduce the topic they want to talk about. Sometimes the teacher would ask the students some questions, and then choose the answers related to the topic he was going to talk about as the starting point. Sometimes the teacher will show the relevant words, sentences or pictures on the PPT.This will arouse the curiosity of the students to know what the teacher is going to say next, which will help the course move forward。
I think the all the lecturers defined are very well. For example, The focus of international business is international, so culture is very important. Different culture has their unique feature. If we want to understand this course, we should learn culture first. I have learned different culture people will use different ways to deal with the same problem. 
In the PowerPoint, tutors can always give every key point which related to the main topic. Normally, they will start make a concise introduction about the definition of one terminology, then they will divided into several parts to talk about more details with different situations. It is very easy for our students to catch the topic and key points because they have used bullet point to emphasize some key words. By looking at the bullet points in different slides, we can visually realize this sentence or word could be the definition or specific terminology, then we will try to concentrate on the tutors' speech instead of thinking about irrelevant issues. Besides the PowerPoint slides, tutors directly told us what were we going to learn at the start of  class and used a true or funny story to obtain our attentions, then start to make the structural teaching process.
In the power point, tutors alway put the key point which related to the main topic, in the International business class, John alway give our topic talk in the Word document, then we talk about this topic in the class. At the same time, he told us that he will speak about globalization.Speaking of the power point, I prefer the Marketing of  technology class, Bidyut's PPT have strong structure and really clear for me , I can follow him and i can catch the scope of the lecture. Before the lecture, we can find the PPT or some documents from the VLE, we can know about what topic they were going to talk about.
After five weeks of study, I found that every teacher was well prepared before class. They know very well what they say and can teach us very easily.
:  Before every lecture, the professor told us the main task this lecture which really could help us to better understand the content in the next step. And the content of presentation are all related to the topic and every point have enough evidence to support which is the most worth for me to learn.
Every course has their own specialty and each tutor has their own style of teaching. Therefore, I decided to judge them separately.International business : The international business course is aiming to tell us about the different cultures in different countries and how can we use them to adjust our business in different countries. The tutor can be really kind and accessible. And I do like his class, because of the teaching style of him. During the process of his class, he always tells jokes and makes us laugh, therefore, the atmosphere in the classroom is really active. Additionally, there are many interactions between teachers and students. And I also remember an interesting class that he let us to do the drama play to learn more about different personal quality of different countries. That's pretty interesting and we learn more about the different cultures.Management and marketing of technology :  This course is divided into two classes--management of technology and marketing of technology, and the course is taught by Noel and Bidyut. The management of technology can be difficult for me as I major in accounting during my undergraduate period, there are some technical terms which I am not familiar with. But it is interesting, because of the course will tell us about the process of technical development. And I do think it is useful for my future study and career. Noel always put a smile on his face, and that makes me have a good mood to study. Besides, the marketing part will teach us about the technique of marketing and how can we widen the market. We should have our own marketing strategy to sell the products. Bidyut speak really slow and clear, so that I can keep up with him during this course, I do like the pace of his teaching. From my point of view, the management for technology is useful in engineering and the marketing for technology is useful for my future career to promote the products and widen the market.Law for engineering management : To be honest, this course is the most difficult part for me. There is too much jargon in this class and sometimes even I have previewed the content I can't keep up with the teacher. And this class is really special, as there are different professional lawyers teaching us in different areas of law. I was pretty appreciated about the experienced lawyers, the knowledge taught by them is really practical and useful. Besides, that will deeply influence us in the area of law. I do like the style of this class-- changing different teachers for every class, and I will look forward to studying with different tutor.Personal effectiveness and masterclasses : The course is taught by Bidyut, and as I have mentioned before, I like Bidyut's pace of teaching. During the progress of this course, some general knowledge will be taught and we have the chance to do the practice via the elearning log. Besides, some basic tools' function will be showed and some skills such as presentation and references have been showed. Surprisingly, we can get feedback every week form Maher and I found that every students comments given by Maher is different, maybe that's means the huge workload for him. The knowledge taught by this class is useful for our report writing and assignment. To be specific, we will learn some basic skills such as using Word, PowerPoint and presentation skills. Enterprise : From my perspective, the class of this course is quite useful and we should do a whole business plan during the process of this class. From very beginning, we should decide which product we are going to produce and we should do the marketing part for promoting our products. As for the financial part, we can learn some knowledge of accounting. Noel is quite helpful since I have a lot of questions in this field. And this class can help me in pick up the skill of cooperation. Our students can benefit a lot from this class. However, there are some disadvantages. Some of the teammates always do the minimum task and rely on the others. But this kind of behaviour is quite formal in the whole society. Strategy management : North is a kind tutor who always put the smile on her face. And this course will teach us about the strategy in commercial. And we will do the case study and case analysis in the future to use the knowledge we have learned into practice. The course is interesting and North always do interaction with us. The knowledge is practical and we can use it into the case study. 
Firstly,you should raise their interests and they will concertrate on study.Therefore,it is necessary to broden some knowledge and insert some interesting images to describe and explain some academic words.Secondly,tutors can combine theory with practice and explain some examples to us,which is beneficial to us understand what he say.
I think most lectures'delivery is very clear,on the lecturer's slide ,there are a lot of  specific definition of the key words and conception,they can show us what they want to talk about comprehensively.
Basically，each class will have a specific topic to discuss. Professor will give some reading lists in last week. And then, some guidances will be give by professor and use powerpoint to show define clearly.During the whole presentation, professor will use many examples to explain what they want to say, which can help students to understand the theories.
We can know the connect of the lecture through ppt and we can download them from vle.The teacher will write the important content on the PPT, and then each content will be explained and analyzed carefully. Examples are given for important and difficult parts.
I think lecturers need understand what they want to talk and what they want students to know . And then they need to show some theories , cases, evidences to hope them to explain these theories clearly . 
In Enterprise lectures,we are told how to run a enterprise and every session we have a clear draft. This week, we learned about pitch and the lecturer explained it with some examples and videos. It's very clear and unforgettable.As for the marketing and managing of technology lectures, it is separated into two parts - marketing and management and these two lecturers have totally different teaching style. Sometimes I just cannot make any connection about the contents because the management lectures seems focus on energy technology so far but the marketing lectures are more relevant to promoting technology.
The scope of the lectures is still very broad. Our lectures include basic course knowledge, focus, and expand some extracurricular content. They basically use ppt to display the content of each lecture. The ppt of each class will probably be 20 to 30 pages, covering all the knowledge points of a chapter. But I think the content is a bit more, because we may not be able to accept so much information in one lesson. But I think some examples added by the teacher are very useful, they can help me better understand the content of the lecture.
I think the lecturers have very clearly defined what the contents of each lecture has been and will be. This has been achieved by giving us an overview of the course schedule during the first lecture, and during each individual lecture by summarising that particular lecture's contents at its beginning and end. The contents of the next lecture are also mentioned at the conclusion of the previous lecture.
I never had a problem with understanding what about speech will be.  All lectures are ended with the plan for the next one so there is always a time to prepare before the next lecture. It clearly points out what topic will be under consideration. All lectures are started with a little introduction speech with supporting slides, sometimes there is also a speech about things that we had on previous lectures.
The lecturers in each of my modules have done a great job of making the contents of the lecture clear by firstly introducing the topic at the start of the lecture and at the end of every lecture quickly discussing what we would be doing next time.
I think that for now, the content of all the lectures is well defined in advance and also in most of the cases, the slides are online a few days before the lesson. In consequence, of course, the lecturers know what are they going to talk about and also, most of the lecturers (I think that all of them) include an introduction slide at the beginning of the class explaining what will they talk about. Also, a summary slide is normally included at the end. 
Generally I feel expectations were set fairly well. Not much to comment about the definition of the modules, the lectures have so far stuck to the lecturers scope and specifications.
I am satisfied with the lectures so far. I feel that most of the times the objective is clear or otherwise, the objective is more complex to understand and becomes clearer in time with more reading labs and workshops.
All lecturers are very clear about setting learning outcomes for their lectures. As an example, in our Audio Signals and Psychoacoustics module, the first slide that our lecturer covers is always a break down of the material that we will cover in that lecture. This is useful because it sets out immediately which concepts I need to understand by the end of the lecture. This is also useful when looking back at lectures because I can see from the first slide what the content off the lecture is, to quickly find the material I am looking to review.
Compared with What I experienced in undergraduate course, modules are well organised and the objectives are very clear.  For assessments, goals were well explained and submission, format information are given during the lecture.  For example, in iOS module, Andy showed us previous MSc students` work and explained how it works.  Also, he demonstrated some pre-existing apps related to our module which inspired me.  
I think all of lectures are well organized. Most of lecturers will specify topic of every lecture and give out the key point and powerpoint slides in advanced which can help me easily study by myself if I can't fully understand knowledge in class. The key points are all very important to my future research and final project, I believe. For example, iOS programming course give us knowledge from basic Swift programming to the way to develop application with Audiokit. This scope help students practice coding who don't have knowledge about programming in Swift. And the way to create APP with Audiokit is the specification of this course and also the basic knowledge to finish the course assessment. So from this part of the lecture, I want to say they are all expert and excellent.
Generally,  it is good, all lecturers have reasonable logic and they can express their ideas clearly in the classes. the scope is wide but it is better if we can have more chances of  applying the theory in th class to the reality and I hope we can have more changces to talk about something in English in the classes. Because I think I have less changces too speak English now.
I think the lecturer did very well. They have followed their weekly syllabus. In the Marketing of Technology, the lecturer have showed us introduction of maketing, maketing segmentation, approaches to maketing research and branding, they are all vital component of maketing.
A common technique used by lecturers is：1.Excellent opening remarks：The opening should attract students' attention, build trust with students, create a positive atmosphere, and establish a positive image of the lecturer.2.A valid conclusion：Summarize the main points at the end. To deepen students' memory, encourage them to agree and arouse their enthusiasm.3.Appropriate interaction：This is the main way for instructors to get feedback.4.Deal with unconstructive behavior：In the lecture, some students' words or behaviors obstruct others' learning or affect the normal presentation of the lecturers.This situation needs to be handled in the right way.5.Time control：The time of the speech is limited, so the lecturer needs to convey all the information within the limited time.
I think lecturers should use their experience to make sure their scope and specification of the lecture. I think we are lack of not only knowledges but also experiences. The knowledge will not perform well if we do not have enough experiences so I think lecturers can show us their experience to us.
In my opinion, I like Dr Baruah's lecture most, because hie powerpoint is very definite, and I can browse it before class so that I can understand the lecture easily. As for Dr Jhon's lecture, since he usually only list some key point in word, I often don't understand what he was going to talk about exactly.
In the lectures I have observed,the lecturers's definition about what it is they were going to talk about were very clear and easy to follow.They had a good connection between two different parts in their presentations.These good points are helpful for me to prepare my future presentation.
It is clear about they were going to talk about. In my opinion, the content I have seen from the vle is useful for what it is they were going to talk about. we can know about the next session and task for next week. Besides, lecturers alway introduced and showed the content to us about this lecure before beginning to start lecture.
Almost every lecturer did very well in this area. For example, at Marketing Management lecture, Bidyut always gives us the introduction and outline about today's lecture at first. And he always ensures that we all understand clearly then he will carry this lecture on. John is different when he teaches us International Business, he always makes some interesting games for us to know the topic of this lecture. It is a good way for us to raise interests in this lecture.
I think all of the lecturer in our programme have defined what it is they were going to talk about pretty well. Everyone of them sometimes used images and examples to explain the subjuects to students, they sometimes even told some jokes to make us laugh out loud, which I think is very brilliant. I've always thought that proper humor in class is the best way to keep students focused. However, there is one thing I didn't like. Sometimes there are too many words in one slide in some lecture ppts, which would affect my focus on listening to the lecturer.
I think the lecture is good. Our teachers do thy their job well. The structure of our lecture lesson covers the introduction of the topic, body content, and conclusion. I think it is so good for us to understand the lecturer defined. Besides, the PPT provided by lecturers is very useful for us to prepare and review lessons before and after class.
I think when a big topic is given to a speaker, firstly，they usually take into account that I'm covering a wide range of topics or expanding on a particular area. Then they should think they just need to introduce the latest technology and models, or they show something following the historical development sequence. Finally, they should consider the details of the speech, and they should pay attention to the logical order of the content. For some of difficult knowledge points, they should think whether they need to be demonstrated by other relevant video, or demonstrated by the form of experiments .
I think the lecturer has clear logic, having a deep understanding of the content to be taught.
I think the information that the lecturers want to talk about depends on what skills the lecturers want to teach us through a module. They divide the whole module into different parts to train and gradually improve it through previous teaching experience, so I believe that the module teaching part is relatively mature. By the learning effects of these five weeks, I acquire knowledge and enjoy the process of lectures.
In my opinion, I think the lecturer prepared the topic based on the knowledge what students need to understand about their course and  expand students' divergent thinking.
I think the lecturers defined the theory, academic terms involved our major and the relevant cases analysis, detailed explanation are they were going to talk about. 
I think maybe different people has different thoughts ,in my opinion, the lecturers they all have their own thoughts on the way they taught. I think  they all great! John is very funny, when we in his class, he can draw our attention and use simple words to explain complex issues,I think it is very lucky to be his student. and marketing it is my favorite class, the contents are interesting  and as not a native speaker, bidyut 's class is very easy to understand that  made me very happy ,because it's a little bit hard to understand the native speaker's class. at all ,I think they all very kind ,they treat us like a friend ,a family ,it is really helpful to me as a oversea student, I REALLY LIKE THEM ALL! 
I think our lectures were so great except Law for EM.Our course I think should more focus on International Business. what I would like to learn from this course is  the legal issues that need to be addressed when dealing with multinational companies, rather than the details of the UK legal system lectures. Although the speakers are very professional, they are too professional for engineering students. To much legal nouns not only increase the difficulty of listening to lectures, but also the two-hour lectures can be very boring.
I think that each teacher explained the content of what they said very clearly. The teacher of international business will give an outline for each lesson, and then expand the teaching content according to this outline.Dr Bidyut Baruah's class will use ppt, first to introduce a concept, then explain the concept, and then do some expansion, from shallow to deep. The same is true for law classes and Noel Jackson classes.What I don't know is the Strategic Management course. The teacher is very clear about the class, but after the homework, the teacher did not give feedback. I can't figure out where I am doing badly.
Yes, Ibelieve most of lectures are been delivered in the right course and the pre-readinglist in the VLE helped a lot. The idea or theory are supported by correctevidence. Everything seems to be great but one. I don’t know what otherpeople thinks, but in my opinion I do believe the subject is quite ambiguous inStrategy Management class. Dr. North usually brings her subject by caseanalysis, which is quite common here, but the problem is I rarely gets feedbackfrom her, especially the homework she posts. How can you finish your learning cyclewhen you missed an important part of it? I believe I don’t need to address theimportance of the feedback from our teacher. Perhaps doing all the researchyourself might be more proper way to thoroughly study a subject, but sometimesa good guidance would be a game changer. Or maybe is simply because I still haven’t graspedthe essence of this subject. Anyway, I discussed this situation withmy supervisor, we will see. Maybe I will gradually get used to her teachingmethod or she might change a little bit, god knows. 
They are very good at their professional field so that can define knowledge very well and lecturers are all very patient and are willing to answer every question. Besides, they are very humorous and often use some funny examples to make us understand knowledge deeply. However,some of them are with accent which sometimes make me can not understand clearly and some of them speak quickly so that I sometimes can not follow them.
I think in every lecture, tutors always give the content of the class. I think that is good for us to have a structure. Sometimes, tutors speak slowly to let us adjust their rhythm. However, in law class, because of some professional words and tutor's speech rate that I couldn't understand very well. I hope that the teacher's explanation is more transparent. That means, When teachers explain new knowledge points, they can let students know what the point is to solve.
I think that in most of the lectures, even when the lecture has an specific title and presents the topic to be covered in the lecture it would be great that at the begining of the lecture, the teacher dedicates a couple of minutes offering a brief overview about the agenda to be covered in the lecture.It could help in get the attention of the students in a very efficient way.
The lecturer always makes sure to say what we were going to discuss in that class and it gives us a brief idea making it really interesting to see the topics.The presentation slides are clear and precise which makes us aware of the topics to be discussed.
The first is content. The lecture must be taught in the syllabus. In the lecture of several weeks, I found that every teacher would have a slide in class. Of course, these slides have been uploaded on the Internet in advance, so that we could preview and review. In the lecture, the teacher will explain the contents of the slides. Of course, the teacher must be an expert in this field and have a deep understanding of this subject. Although is stands on the platform to lecture, but also needs the profound knowledge accumulation.The second is communication with students. Because there are so many people in every lecture, you can't communicate with everyone. During the lectures in these weeks, each teacher will give some questions to the students and have a group discussion, which will help students better understand the course content and improve the classroom atmosphere.
In fact,different lecturers have different styles. My courses are complex and diverse,including practical courses like C programming and theoretical courses likebusiness management. Here I have a separate discussion.Forpractical courses, the vast majority of the content relies on program code, sobefore class, I think that the mentor is going to run the code and replicatethe results on the PowerPoint. Lecturer will according to the overall goals atthe same time, or test goal to discuss decomposition, for example in theprogramming class has the whole project of the match.For theorycourses, as for all theory courses, it is boring, because some of the standarddefinitions and classification. I think the lecturer will prepare some relevantmaterials such as pictures or video in advance to help students understand.
I think the lecturer defined well by using their slides and explain the knowledge in detail. Sometimes the lecturer may extend their topic by making some examples and listing some stats. Their lectures are very useful to get knowledge.
The lectures for ""Management &amp; Marketing of Technology"" gives a clear scope and specification on the topics each lecture discusses. For example, the lecturers will give a clear overview of what a specific lecture will cover. The lectures for ""International Business"" and ""Law for Engineering Management"" are not so clear on what they are going to cover, as the former jumps directly into a topic without it being clear on how the topics are going to help with the assignment, and the latter with a different lawyer each week covering a different subject in a non-lecture approach (this is understandable as the lawyers are not lecturers).
First of all, I think the lecturer will select the relevant knowledge of this course, useful books, and teach us what is used for us. Second, they will know what is useful for us and what is acceptable for us, and teach these to us.
They usually use a single word or short sentence to sum up the entire speech, which gives a clear idea of their subject.
John Issitt: Firstly,I would like to talk about International business  lecturer,i would say he is really good in delivering knowledge about international business,from first lectures how he taught us about culture then giving us examples of Hofstede's cultural dimensions theory which is a framework for cross-cultural communication then he told us about Lewis model for cross culture and dimensions by  i learnt about how we can deal with different people behaviors during in business dealing and during communication.The best thing we did is playing role as a group and learn about different cultures of  different countries.John gives us one country and give us situation so we have to deal that situation by acting like that countries people so it was a great way of learning for me.John is very comprehensive in his lectures in a very entertaining way so really enjoyed his lectures with getting useful and effective knowledge.Bidyaut Baruah: I would say he is incredible and more comprehensive in his way of teaching with the help of different videos and case studies which really helped out in understanding of marketing strategies of different companies,during fall how companies make strategies to come up with more potential how they make their failures to success.Another aspect of his teaching is more friendly and open his way of delivering lecture is so attractive and striking in our minds quickly.Furthermore,in making our enterprise business idea more wide and clear,he introduces us with SWOT strategy and analyse your business strength.some of the attributes of his lectures are he is pace the lecture appropriatelygenerate curiosity about the lecture material early in the classroomvery conciseNoel Jackson: He is teaching us management of technology and the way of his teaching is really impressive with providing real practical examples of energy resources and he tries to illustrate practical applications of the theory presented.He presented the material in a more clear and logical sequence.Noel make the material accessible ,intelligible and meaningful.Another important prospect generation of enterprise business ideas he gives us valuable suggestions upon our ideas so we were clear by which idea we can move forward and create full business plan.Overall,his way of teaching is demonstrative and also facilitates students to ask questions if they have any type of confusion.Tony Ward:Well,Tony gives us two lecture about law of engineering management with effective knowledge of UK law including criminal and civil laws then we have make different comparisons with other countries law also our assignment is also related to this so it really helped me to clear things about my assignment.Furthermore,Tony knew what he is talking about,we asked different questions and he replied us in a very effective way.Joanna North: One of the best teacher her lecture is always full of energy and motivation with prior knowledge with some real case studies and real examples of business strategies of different businesses.
Lecturers inform at the beginning of the lecture about the scope of of it. This is useful as the student knows what to expect as a learning outcome(s). Lecturer does this by outlining the aims and objectives; I think they do it well.
The lecturers usually present and deliver the lecture in the most simple way approach. They have most times demonstrated high level professionalism in teaching and knowledge impacting. 
The lecturer of current modules in DSE are quiet good. The powerpoint is not very long for each lecture. It usually contains some basic theory and simple example to make students easy to catch up with what the lecturer is talking about. Normally, it is impossible that all the students attend the lecture are in the same level, therefore, it is always difficult to find a appropriate teaching rate which is suitable for every student. However, during the lecture, all the lecturer give a lecture neither too slow nor too fast. Every student regardless whether they have background knowledge could learn new knowledge during the lecture.
What they say is important to the course. Sometimes they will also talk about some related knowledge.
The lecturer prepares lectures or courseware for each lesson. The scope of the lectures should be presented in a simpler and more general way. Because each student's ability to accept and knowledge is different, you should start from the simplest basis and then slowly raise the lecture content. Difficulty and complexity, so that with a solid foundation, the ability to accept new knowledge is not too bad.
The topic that the lecturer wants to address today will choose a wide range of headlines, and then set the main point of view and in-depth theme by the headline.
In my view, I think the lecturer should be defined some contents which are meaningful simple. Speaker need to introduce their idea clearly in the limit time, thus, they usually have to describe key points of ideas in simple.  
I  think that based on their years of study and education experience, the lecturers will choose the content that is more suitable for us to follow the development of modern technology. For the lecturer, they know much better than us what we need to focus on and what they don’t need to say in details.
I think they usually use the titles of thePPT to define their classes’ theme, and all the content of class is related tothe title. For example, in the last week’s Strategic Management for EM class. Dr. Jo North use the ‘Industry4.0’’ as the title of the PPT, so she introduces background, definition,and some applications of the Fourth Industrial Revolution in that class. Besides,she recommends a book named the Fourth Industrial Revolution to us. 
ProfessorJhon Issitt sometimes defines his lecture a little not clear.  Because he only mentions the general title inhis lecture. He does not clear up the objectives of lecture.ProfessorNoel Jackson defines clearly his lecture. His lecture starts with general topicand objectives.  TonyWard defines his topic well. His lecture starts with some question, forinstance “Who creates laws?”. However,weakness in his lecture was the class was very big.BidyutBaruah defines his lecture clearly. I have understood what he was talkingduring the class. He guided as very well in process of learning. But he had alittle weakness that I could observe in the last class. He did not try out speakersbefore lecture.JoannaNorth is clear in her lecture. She presents clearly about his lecture. I feltthat she knew about our knowledge of the topic. She guided to us from start toend in his lectures.
The content of our lecture refers to many aspects. For instance, the theories and practical knowledge. In order to deepen our understanding of the knowledge, our lecturers often show many cases to us, which is more easier to digest the knowledge.
Law for engineering management:Sometimes I can't understand.Marketing of Technology:I always can understand in this area.Management of Technoloy:This lecture is good in this area.International Business:This lecture is good in this area.Enterprise:I think the scope and specification of this lecture are clear.Strategy Management:I think the lecture did well in this area.MSc Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses:The lecture is good in this area.
From my point of view the lecturers are conscious of what they are talking about and know about the topics a lot so if at any case the students make a question they are able to answer and provide the best information even offering extra work.
lecturer always talk funny and carefully, then I  can have a good interest to listening to them, and they always do some funny activities, which make the lecture more happy.  Every lecture, tutors can speak all of the content, it is clearly, so I think I can understand 80% of all.  moreover, tutor always asked us that do we have question, they will answer the question in the lecture or after the lecture.
I think the scopes and specifications of the lectures are very suitable for me.The lecturers always give us some example of the difficult problems to let us understand more clearly.These lectures are all useful for us to learn about EM.
The style of the lecturers is what I like. For the course of International Business, the lecturer is Dr. John. Well, he is humorous and over moralistic, sometimes a litter serious. The lectures that he teaches us are in deep scope.  During in class, Dr. John always gives us some examples to make us understand what he says. The specification of the lecture is well. For the course of Management of Technology, the lecturer is Mr. Jackson, Noel. He is patient and a good listener. He teaches us by slides from Powerpoint. The scope and specification of the lecture is well. For the course of Law for Engineering Management for MSc. The lecturers are different in every session. It is so deep scope that I feel it hard for me to understand. And after class, I always take much time to digest them. For the courses of Management and Marketing of Technology and MSc Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses, the Lecturer is Dr. Bidyut. He is very patient and a litter humorous. The scope and specification of the lecture is suitable in the way of he talks about.
I think all lecturers of our course define what they want to tell us clearly. If they mention some points, there would several example occur to us. 
I think they generally start with simple and basic knowledge, and step by step to improve the difficulty and depth of the course content For example, in the course of  Law of Engineering Management, the teacher will first introduce the basic legal framework and basic legal content of the UK, and then talk about engineering ethics which let us know even if some behaviors are not violated in the legal sense, we still need to pay attention to and take seriously the work, because at work, many projects may have serious consequences because of some unskillful behavior. Next, professor continue to talk about the law from several other engineering-related aspects. Therefore, that is my opinion about scope and specification of the lecture.
All the lectures are completely prepared, and I think the teaching content should be divided into three parts: before class, in class and after class. Before the lecture, our teacher will upload some relevant documents to VLE, which is easy for us to download in advance and make a preview before class, this activity is valuable for our overseas students. The content of each class is rich, which combines the definition of knowledge, some example with real cases and sometimes some video related to our class. After class, our teacher will assign some meaningful tasks to exercise our relevant skills, which I think is also an indispensable part of learning. in addition, the majority of our class will be recorded and published on the Internet, which is convenient for us to download and watch again. 
Each lecturer's speech style is different, but the same is that they all want their lecture to be instructive. They define their own lectures to guide students to have the correct direction of thinking. At the same time, provide more information to guide students to study independently. The lecturers do not directly tell you too much detail, they prefer that students can study the content of the lectures while studying independently. In addition, they will provide enough examples to explain each new knowledge to the students. I believe that a variety of teaching styles are the charm of Western education.
many  ways can define the  content.The speaker can give audiences some example and discuss with them.The speaker also can introduce directly what they will speak. If speaker can use the PPT ,they will can show the catalogue or background by the slides.
Definitely, I think they were explaining very well in the lecture. Some terms in the engineering management were quite difficult to understand when I first saw them, however, through the explanation of the lecturer, they were easily known in an interesting and precise way. And there were some interactions between the lecturer and the students when lecturers defined the terms, which did impress us a lot so that we wouldn't forget it easily.
For a speaker to give a speech on a topic, first, they should explain the topic of today's speech at the beginning of the speech, and it is better to have some explanations to help the audience understand the topic more easily. For example, in the class of international business, John often starts his lecture with some interesting stories. On the other hand, if the presentation contains a large amount of information, the speaker can ask the audience to know the content of the presentation in advance. For example, on the Law for EM, all lecture courseware can be pre-viewed on VLE, so it is not so difficult for us to attend the lecture, because we can preview the content of the speech in advance. 
After about 4 weeks study in UK, I found that most lectures are interesting and the lecturer can hold the lecture easily, but actually sometimes I can not find the connection between the content of the lecture and the EM program. 
During this time, I find that the lecture system in the UK pays great attention to the annotation and background knowledge of the reference, which is totally different from the Chinese university. The lecturers often tell a lot of relevant background knowledge in the lectures, as well as recommending some reference books or websites, so that we can better understand the content of their lectures in class or off class. 
Inthe Marketing of Technology class, Dr Bidyut Baruah told us about the origin of Nike's slogan andthe different research methods used in marketing.
It is very clearly to see the sources of the pictures when placing them in the slide in all the programme. Secondly, for the article, the link to the document or the name of the book are attached.
First, the teachers give references on their slides about the data and pictures. We can find the evidence of course contents.Second, before the class, teachers will tell us some reading list to prepare some professional knowledge and background information about next section.
In the course of engineering law, we first studied the British legal system, including civil law and criminal law. Tony introduces the UK's various legal institutions and operating rules. This paved the way for the study of detailed engineering regulations that followed. In the course of management of technology, Noel first showed us a lot of advanced technology and development process in the field of engineering. They are rigorously using reference materials and labelling sources, which is very convincing.
I saw that the teachers' curriculum materials include research from books, journals, etc., which are all available after class. The teacher provided us with a lot of learning resources to further understand the knowledge points and expand our knowledge.
In my Enterprise group project, I try to find some research. It is not easy for me, because I do not know how to find the key word of my project. 
Sorry, I get no evidence of research or background knowledge about that, it is just from the personally experience in lecture or in individual presentation.
Term 1 / End of week 5 log entry: Observation of academic behaviour in yourself You have now experienced 4 weeks worth of lectures what did you like about the lecture style of the lecturers (be specific about each)?  This is a useful resource for when you come to preparing to give a talk - which you will be soon in the International Business module. You could also usefully take a look at the public speaking section for help in preparing for your first talk.ActivityArrange a one-to-one meeting with your supervisor to discuss your progress so far this term and your reflections.  The contents of this page should be used as the agenda and notes for the meeting.  Some of the following is a repeat of what you have said before so that your supervisor sees a bigger picture of you and what you want to get out of the MSc in EM.Reflecting on the teaching you have observed, what are their good points and what did you not like?  You should make specific notes about what you have seen in the following 5 areas:Scope and specification of the lecture – How well do you think the lecturer defined what it is they were going to talk about?
When we are studying for the subjects, teacher usually give us some reading list to help us to finish our research. Those readings are the first choice for me to find some evidence or background knowledge of my topic. After that, I will search these keywords on the internet to find some academic research which can support my point or help me to get more information about my subjects. It can also help us to avoid some stupid mistakes.
All the lecturers have their share of knowledge in the specific subject that they teach. The staff is really amazing. Many of them try to give a example that they have encountered in their life before so that helps us really well.  
Well, every subject has given us pre-reading list or relevant case study and I read some documents before I started my course.For example, I had ever read ''Leading across culture' after lecture introduce the different cultures in International Business. So I could understand better when John teach us different cultures from different areas.I also read some case before we started the Law of engineering management, because I believe that ethics is certainly significant in our engineering work in the future, as well as Law is a little difficult fo me because it is abstract. So I need to learn it by some cases, in this way I can understand it better after lecturers' teaching.Another critical research about our module is writing style and writing skills. You know, we have to write a serious of reports when we finish our courses, and make a lot of research. I could collect data and evidence as soon as possible, but I cannot analyse and union then very well, So I learnt some write skills, including grammar, structure, reference etc. I believe it is useful during my master study.
Teachers' material collection is very comprehensive. Both books, articles, video, pictures and websites are distributed and consulted according to the knowledge points explained. Data analysis also takes a large proportion.
What impressed me most among these 5 weeks is the reference the lecturer used in each ppt. Like the illustrations (diagrams, line charts, bar charts, pie charts, pictures) all have their sources under them. besides, we can see that teachers cited the sentences from different books from the author of the authority in that fields. they are absolutely good examples of ppt models for us to learn from. these citations as the evidence of the research made the lectures more professional and convincing. what's more, there are several video resources or books recommended at the end of some lectures. we can easily click the links and keep on learning more background knowledge or further points, I personally appreciate this friendly way so much. 
International business will cover cultural andcross-cultural issues, international trade and human resources issues,transaction risks and financial risks. The Law for engineering management looksat the general basis of law and the impact of law on professional engineersworking in different international environments, any provision of Law is basedon English Law. Enterprise lets students explore real new technologies orproducts and develop them into real business plans. Strategic management of engineeringmanagement shows that a thoughtful view of the legal form of the organization,how the statement of mission and vision reflects and generates corporate value,and how specific strategic directions, policies, and practices are generated. Managementof technology aim to explore technological innovation. Marketing of technologyexplore technical marketing aimed at developing a complete marketing plan. Personaleffectiveness and masterclasses aim to enhance students' personal developmentand professional potential.
When the lecturer use some information, they also state where they find the evidence which is really convincible. Even a image , they will mark the resources below  the image. Some of the background knowledge come from the book, some are from the news or internet , others are from the previous research .
International Business: The lecturer used a lot of background knowledge and extracurricular stories to help us understand the course.Management and marketing of technology: The two lecturers are different in style but all are very academic and rigorous.Law for Engineering management: Every lecturer has deep insights in his field and has a wealth of background knowledge.MSc Personal Effectiveness and masterclasses: Each class lecturer leads us to understand different topics, which makes us more professional.Strategy management for EM: Use case studies to help us understand the corporate strategy.
One of the evidence of research or background knowledge of the subject is accounting because we will learn knowledge about finance next week in the lecture Enterprise. We also need the background of management because we have group work assignment and some of our courses are about innovation. 
As we know, our subject focus on management, but my major is Civil Engineering before. Although I have never learned reluctant course, I still heard some cases about law from my mother. 
In the law of engineering management lecture, I have learned so many important laws and problems. And it is such a difficult  lecture because there are so many professional vocabularies that I can't understand. I have to searching the vocabularies all the time during the lecture. What's more, there are so many vocabularies are too difficult to understand with the google translate translation to my own language. 
The evidence of research or background knowledge of subject can be seen in the reference slide including some books and websites.
In the international business class I have read the book &lt;international business&gt; writen by Collinson Sionm
The teacher will attach a reference to the content of the natural resources to prove the accuracy and reliability of the content.The teacher will also teach some correct reference in the class. And how to find reliable content online as a reference.
The teacher will give some examples before the class, or introduce the historical background or social phenomenon related to the topic, as well as introduce the phenomenon about this topic in different countries in the course. When students ask questions in the class or after the teacher has finished speaking, the teacher can quickly respond accordingly.The teacher's PPT content is concise, clear and well organized, and it is easy for students to see the key points. All of these require the teacher to be fully prepared before class.
Geert Hofstede: the 5-D model of national culture. The Lewis model: multi-active/ linear-active/ reactiveDifferent conversation styles.The process of trial. 
In some specific classes such as the International Business and Management and Marketing of Technology, tutors always give us true examples to help us understand the gist or specific terminologies. These examples were based on true innovative technology or stories. For example, when we attend the International Business, when tutor told us the culture differences or something which connected to Capitalism, some true stories and data or figures combined with citation in the slides will be showed to us. It means the tutor absolutely did relevant and large research and prepared  carefully before the class.
International business, John prefer to talk with students, he told us stories about our class topic. When we learnt the ""culture"", we learnt the Hofsteder image and Lewis Model, He asked the group to act as a country and let us know how different cultures behave in dealing with emergencies. Noel's class always tell us about new energy and new technology, using these example to be evidence. In the enterprise class, we have to finish the business plan by a group,developing a business plan will make us more aware of teamwork, and we gain a lot of knowledge by checking the information.Strategic Management for EM, tutor recommend us to read a book, I can learn more useful information from this book.
Teachers found relevant information from many network platforms, such as Youtube, to make a detailed description and analysis of what we learn. As students, we have broadened our horizons and enriched our experience.
： When professor provided some picture or opinion every time, there always have sources or reference in the slides.
I would like to discuss them separately.International business : I am a foreigner student, and I come from China. I have more knowledge about the Chinese culture. Therefore, during this course, I can learn more about the different cultures between different countries. In this class we have learned several models to know more about different cultures, such as Hofsteder model and Lewis model.Management and marketing of technology : I have learned some knowledge about the marketing since the period of my undergraduate. And through the course, we learn more via the research results and the record of development process.Law for engineering management : I have no learn experience of law. We study the law via the case study and some basic knowledge.  And the law is based on the UK cultural background. Therefore, the course is difficult for me.Personal effectiveness and masterclasses : This course is easier than the other, and I have some experience of using the basic tools such as Word and PowerPoint. As for the reference, I have previous experience of writing the report in English and use the Harvard reference style. Therefore, I have some background knowledge about this course. This course aiming to teach us some basic skills in studying, and the background knowledge is easy for us to pick up.Enterprise : This course needs us to do a whole business plan about the products, and we need to do the marketing part and financial part. I majored in accounting during the period of my undergraduate, so, I have some background knowledge about accounting in financial part. Besides, I have some basic knowledge about marketing part. Therefore, it is easy for me to do the accounting part. But the Chinese accounting system are different from the British accounting system.Strategy management : This course mainly taught us about the commercial strategy, and I do have some background knowledge about the commercial. Because of the course I have majored during my undergraduate period, I have some experience about this course.
When we attend the course of mangement technology, our lecturer tell us the development of electric vehicles. In this way, we can compare the merit and demerit between latest technology and traditional way, which can help us know how to change our mangement way and improve the work efficiency.
In order to have a great knowledge of  the law for the management .I have read some books and scan some websites about laws in Britain.
Recently, i was research some background information for the international business presentation.I need to choose an international company to be an example. I search the information from news, papers, as well as the financial reports from company website. And try to connect with the knowledge we learnt in the class, such as SWOT.
Most of the research or background knowledge that lecturers talk about comes from books, and they also give sources or bibliographies of their content.
I saw research on different cultures in different countries. There are also research processes and steps in market research. I also know some knowledge of employment law. There is also some knowledge about strategy.
During these several weeks I have learned some knowledge about law and marketing ,especially I have got many useful knowledge about the marketing ,which are very useful and I lack of these knowledge before . 
I'm not sure what does the words evidence of research mean but I think every lecturer have tried to introduce us the history and the background of those subject just like the International business which began with the ancient trades between different countries so this lecture requires some economic knowledge including communication and cooperation. What's more, I also see marketing skills, new technology, self promotion and so on.
In all lectures, the teacher will showcase some cases and news to give us a better understanding of the course content. For example, in the law course, the professor will show us some common business cases that allow us to understand the characteristics of English law and its differences from Chinese law. In international business classes, teachers will collect different attitudes and methods in each country's management, so that I can better understand the background issues in each country when dealing with business problems.These research evidences and knowledge backgrounds can help us learn more about knowledge.
IB: there are many basic and important theories, such as  Geert Hofstede Modle, Lewis Model, etc. MoT: there are many new technology examples, such as Tesla, Dyson, etc, to introduce the definition of the management and marketing of the technology.Law: there are many true cases delivered by the lawyer which make the boring and complex statues much easier to understand for us.Personal  Effectiveness and masterclasses: there are many useful skills and real examples,which give us guidance to implement useful working skills such as Word, PowerPoint, etc.Enterprise: there are many useful skills of how to start a small business which is helpful for us to run our own business in the future.
Usually in a lecture, the lecturer needs some simple gestures to help the audience focus on the content of the lecture. In normal classes, lecturers often use hand movements to help us understand what they are trying to say, while also allowing us to focus on the content of the lecture. In addition, lecturers usually make elaborate PPT or word document in advance, and use some short words and pictures to help the audience better understand the class content. In addition, this method can effectively attract the audience's attention and prevent the distraction.
Take International Business as an example, the lecturer referenced the Lewis Model to reveal the culture of muti-active, linear-active and reactive. And then he assigned our group a national/cultural type of the lewis model, we were asked to play role in a team who was responsible for managing the situation that there was a serious nuclear radiation leak.
Usually in class, the teacher will search some websites for us to better understand some research evidence and background knowledge. Sometimes, the teacher will use the form of video to understand more quickly and intuitively. If it is the complex or long knowledge background, the teacher will tell us in advance on VLE to prepare.In the international business class, teachers will use exaggerated body language, rich facial expressions and changeable tone to help us better understand the background of the class content.
Lecturers always use some famous companies to be the example. These examples can be more acceptable and easier to be believed by students.
Maybe I think we should have a international thinking first, the trend of development is globalization. And then the self-management is also necessary.The last but not least, we also need to have some knowledge of enterprise.
Evidence: the researches by experts                published books                journals                news               social accepted theories
The most of evidence of research is reference and some reading list. For instance, before internation business next week, I always read some books for next week's session from VLE so that I can find the evidence and introduction for knowledge in class, such as Hofsteder's dimension and Lewis's culture types.
I have seen the Hofstadter Cultural Dimensions and Lewis Model in the International Business lecture. Because I have preread the reading list in advance, at the lecture, when John told about these models I could match it to what I have read. In addition, at the Strategic Management lecture, Jo told us about the 4th Industrial Revolution and so on. 
When the lecturer introduced a subject, he/she always showed us some statistics or some literature reviews about the subject, which I think is very professional and helpful to our understanding.
I can see the evidence of research or background knowledge of the subject in every course. For example, Levis model. 
In the class of International Business, Dr. John made an activity to let us understand about Hofsteder culture module. Through the performance of different groups that how to  deal with emergency meetings in different countries, we learned that people with different nationalities and different cultural backgrounds are different.
The carefully prepared slides, the video link related to subject, the recommended reading bibliography. 
The lecturers always referenced some data, and they may use some charts to persuade audiences. They are skilled at using references. I saw them using in-text citation and quotation marks in slides. Besides, they will also attach a URL if the contents are cited from the internet.
Evidence is the most import part in the lecture, it can supports your viewpoint, and increase your credibility of ideas.
1.Hofstede's Model of National Culture2.ichard D. Lewis, When Cultures Collide: Leading across Cultures (3rd ed, 2006, Nicholas Brealey International) 3.Cross-cultural design [electronic resource] : cultural differences in everyday life : 5th International Conference, CCD 2013, held as part of HCI International 2013, Las Vegas, NV, USA, July 21-26, 2013, Proceedings. Part II4.The Lewis Model5.When Cultures Collide:Leading across Cultures, Nicholas Brealey, 2010 (3rd ed) but there is plenty of material easily available on the WEB. 6.some academic knowledge of marketing7.some cases offered by tutors 
As a student, we all need to prepare lessons before class. our international business lecturer always provides a reading list for us ,it's very important for us to get better to understand the class .
Intercultural communication and the Industrial Revolution 4.0 are relevant and useful when studying international business and other classes.
The teacher of each class will give a reading list, some are some paper to read, and some are books. I have mastered the research support materials and knowledge background of the course from these reading materials.
Well, the first answer came up my mind isthe course Law for Engineering Management. Tons of background knowledge I haveobserved and learned during the course. I can still remember the case study TonyWard brings us, it is a complicated law case analysis and our team did lots ofdigging in the archive. Multiple charges are been pin pointed in that case,both in common law and criminal law. Dr. Ward shared the basic backgroundknowledge of it and point us to the right direction, that’s how we get thiscase analysis done.
In the marketing of technology class, when the teacher talked about the brand effect showed us some brands on the market as evidence to help us understand the knowledge. In the strategy class, the teacher guided us to learn this model based on Amazon's business model and development. I think this is also a kind of evidence.When the tutor gave us a definition, they gave the reference at the end of the definition.
I need to acknowledge that this isvery remarkable point. So far, all the lecturers seem to be very prepared and competent in the fieldof the lecture.The questions are correctly addressed, the topics fully covered, and theexperience is palpable.This is one important thing, having the experience in the field and share itwith us. This allow us to go beyond the classrooms and understand better theworld out there.
Some of lectures are talking about signal and C programming, signal can be seen as the foundation of embedded wireless system, which include how to recognize different signal in frequency and more, C programming requires us to know how to operate sensor on computer and analyse data, also some finance and marketing project provide an opportunity to know what it is, because what we learned are about technic and lack of other ability,such as how pricing product and busness plan.
Term 1 / End of week 5 log entry: Observation of academic behaviour in yourself You have now experienced 4 weeks worth of lectures what did you like about the lecture style of the lecturers (be specific about each)?  You could also usefully take a look at the public speaking section for help in preparing for your first talk.ActivityArrange a one-to-one meeting with your supervisor to discuss your progress so far this term and your reflections.  The contents of this page should be used as the agenda and notes for the meeting.  Some of the following is a repeat of what you have said before so that your supervisor sees a bigger picture of you and what you want to get out of the MSc.Reflecting on the teaching you have observed, what are their good points and what did you not like?  You should make specific notes about what you have seen in the following 5 areas:Scope and specification of the lecture – How well do you think the lecturer defined what it is they were going to talk about?
For example, in the course of introduction and communication. For me, I have never been to this course before, so there are many questions and doubts. But to my surprise, I got the answer in the teacher's explanation before I asked the question. So I think every teacher must have a very deep teaching background and experience
To behonest, I do not really understand the problem.Researchevidence and background knowledge are based on the theory of predecessors andpractical operation after the summary, and then be absorbed by us as the secondsource.So, in myopinion, there are different interesting research evidence in differentlectures, but they are all designed to help students better understand thetheory.To sum up,most historical background knowledge is boring, but their significance isprofound, not only in teaching, but also in human development.
In the lecture Enterprise, Technology and Marketing of Management, they need a lot of knowledge of management.And in sensor and Instrumentation or Introduction of Communication, they need a lot of knowledge of mathematicsIn C programming, it need the code skills..
The ""International Business"" lectures show evidence/background knowledge on the topics that are taught by showing references to the materials used such as ""The Lewis Model"" and works from Geert Hofstede regarding cultural dimensions.With other modules such as ""Law for Engineering Management"", the lawyers who present their topics well evidenced as being a lawyer is their line of work.""Management &amp; Marketing of Technology"" is well evidenced with sourced information and the lecturers show their career experiences early on in the course.
Many academic articles, magazines and so on will show the research results. In the meantime, there will be background video on YouTube.
Before giving a lecture, teachers will ask us to read some relevant materials,  some cases, books, video, etc., through which we can learn more about our subject.
During the lecture of management of technology i have seen slides of Noel Jackson has deep research because i did electrical and electronics engineering and on one subject when you add diversity of things that make it really amazing so that's why i love to tale that lecture remaining subjects are new for me but i have learnt so many new things related to business even though i have studied Entrepreneurship in mu undergraduate degree but that was not quite obvious now i get the idea how basically entrepreneur can work how we can create ideas that's amazing.
Not applicable.
In some module I could see some iota of background or residual knowledge on that particular module. In some it will be almost strange. 
I have attended some similar courses during my undergraduate program. therefore, there are already some background information in some subject. 
Basic knowledge in electronics, such as digital circuit schematic design.
In this semester, I need to study three professional courses and one supplementary course. During the course of the professional course, I was able to learn the update of the professional knowledge required by the society, as well as the development and revolution of the background of professional knowledge. In addition, I not only learned the technical theory of the mind, but also carried out the theoretical practice of this knowledge and verified the learned knowledge through experiments. This is a great help for me.
I saw that each lecturer has a very clear structure of their speech. From the title slowly deep into the topic, and the introduction is very detailed
Some knowledge background such as computing machine history and some programming language history. And then speaker would use some digital circuit design as example and evidence to teach audience how to apply these knowledge.
This course gives us a lot of practical knowledge. Even the software that is used frequently, there are many modules that we have not noticed. For example, I have always known this module in the word reference, but I have never used it. After my last modification, I used this for the first time, which is very convenient.
I can see evidence from the website links, video,books and some reading materials that the teachers show us on the VLE or showon the classes. For example, in the fist class of the international business, Dr John Issitt upload some picture of the ‘Hoifstede 6 culture dimension’,besides, he also uploads a website on the VLE. On that website, I can see theintroduction of that theory, some other picture and a introduction video.
International business is a novelty course for me. I have never studiedthis course before. However, I am studying hard in order to have good base, soI can understand clearly professor and I could ask some questions. Enterprise course is not novelty to me. I attended a course ten years ago   in the university, also I saw   a few topics of the course in my job. Forinstance, health and safe.Management and Marketing of Technology is not totally new for me. BecauseI attended some courses which has some topic of Management of Technology. For example,Process Map, however I did not attend Marketing of Technology before. Law for Engineering Management is new for me as a course. I have neverstudied this course before. However, in my job as Resident Engineer I could seecontracts.Strategic Management is not a little novelty to me because I assisted somesmall course where I learned the basic things of Strategy Management.
I read Communicating Across Cultures, The Fourth Industrial      Revolution. And I also learned the Lewis’s model as well as Maslow’s Hierarchy of Need.
Law for engineering management:Sometimes I can't see the evidence of research and background knowledge in the lecture.Marketing of Technology:There are many case studies in the lecture.Management of Technoloy:There some datas for evidence of research in the lecture.International Business:There are many background knowledges in the lecture.Enterprise:Strategy Management:There is enough background knowledge to support the subject.
Well we just have to see their respective experience on the subjects and the amount of years teaching the engineering management course.
I can see the book which recommended by tutor, and I can read the learning material before class, and some lectures have the video, then I can watching it again to get a deep understand.
I learned the law of EM,the strategic management,cultural differences,management,marketing of technology and some characteristics of different Country from the lectures.
From the course of  Management and Marketing of Technology, some information, what I mean is the evidence of research that I see is from IEEE. For the course of Enterprise, some background knowledge that I see is from journal and some articles. As a matter of fact, every course shows case study through VLE. The lectures urge us to read them before or after class. Some case studies like Volkswagen, The Children's Party and Fake photography we have already read.
In the lecture of International Business, Dr. John has given us some information about 
According to what I have seen, I found that before many classes, the teacher could let us read some cases in advance or consult some relevant materials to facilitate our understanding of the content of the lectures， such as MMT. In one day, teacher asked us read some materials about Tesla, so that we could learn deeper about management and marketing of technology.
in the course Strategic Management for Engineering Management, Dr Jo North recommended us to read the book ""the fourth industrial revolution"", which describe how the revolution will change our lives.
YIn general, the lectures will use slides to show the content of each lecture. In these slides, the lecturers will provide a lot of research evidence and knowledge background. Most of these research evidences are cited in rigorous academic articles, or data analysis is used to prove the results of the research. At the same time, the lecturers will also display background knowledge in the form of videos or photos.
firstly,before class,I will read the books given by my teacher.Then,I will preview the content of PPt/PPX, I will confirm or further understand the key information by books or internet.In the end,I will make some notes by myself think about.
To be honest, there were many background knowledge I could see in some subjects like the Law for Engineering Management. Every week, the lecturer invited a professional legal staff to give us some basic background knowledge of the law to help us understand the law. I think it's a quite good way in the lecture, where we could come into cantact with professional person and gain knowledge in the first hand.
To be honest, that is really limited.
After a five-week study, I can feel that every lecturer has their own style, and their lectures designed are really different. But no matter what, I think logic is the most important thing in teaching process because it can help us absorb and understand new knowledge better, with an important means of effective teaching. For example, in the lecture of Management and Marketing of Technology, the lecturer's logic is very clear. According to the chronological order, the invention, development, application, status, and future prospects of the object, from one stage to the next stage, is just so easy for us to accept. In the lecture of International Business, Dr.  John is really a humorous person. When it comes to culture and personality, he always uses a very humorous way to help us understand clearly, and let us know the influence of cultural background on the individual intuitively. Then draw a conclusion about the issues we should be aware of while doing the international busines
In the InternationalBusiness class, John has a good sense of humor. In order to let us betterunderstand cultural differences, we will imitate the way we speak and behave.And the assignments let us present the culture we have learned in the form of asitcom. Joanna is energetic and enthusiastic in her lectures and will repeatedlyconfirm in the process whether we understand what she is saying.
BB's course outline is very obvious. First, he would show us what we will learn in this lesson. Secondly, in formal lectures, the connection and logic of knowledge is also very obvious, and he often mentioned humorous example. At the end of the course, he will summarize it.Professor NJ's course is one of the courses that I like very much as it is related to technology. NJ's slides are informative, but basically are easy to understand. Every part of NJ has a connection. Finally, it will be summarized: What have you learned today?TW's curriculum structure is very clear, most of them are case study, and the knowledge is very deep.JI's curriculum has always been very humorous. He has the ability to attract students' attention. His class is wonderful, not only because of his logic, but also because his voice is very clear and easy to understand.TW teaches us law, probably because I have not studied law in my undergraduate course, so sometimes I am confused when I go to class. But I think this is my own problem, because when professor TW's slides outline is very clear, little word, but show many information.JN's is very attractive because she often smiles. Her class is the easiest to understand for most of her classmates because her pronunciation is clear and the outline of the course is simple to understand.
I think most of the time, I think our lectures flow logically.And some teachers use some humour which can really attract my attention. I think using humour in classes is quite excellent.Some suggestions are below:First, I think if the teachers can use more transitions, it can be quite useful for students to move one point to the next. Because these transition words can attract people's attention.Second, I think whether the teachers can give us the outline and main points before each class. This can help students quickly to know the whole contents of this class.
I think the lecture management strategy is very clever. First of all, Joanna will be active in everyone's atmosphere before the start of the class, so that everyone can participate in the classroom. In the following explanations, she will combine PPT to expand the content and introduce it to the actual engineering field. After the basic course knowledge, she also invited the management company's managers to participate in our classroom. On the whole, her course design is very detailed and perfect, and her lecture style is also very humorous. I think this is very helpful in understanding and mastering the content of the course, and it can also cause an interest in learning and thinking. On the other hand, through this lecture, I think this is the most closely related course in the field of engineering management. This course allows us to get in touch with possible future work content and working environment, and also understand and be familiar with it. The current state of development of the industry. So I think this lecture is very well designed.
The logic of lecture is well designed, and it can gradually guide us from understanding the problem from simple to deep.The teachers are very humorous and  active, especially john. I like his way of teaching.
The structure of each lecture is really nice. They used humor in the lecture. For example, the lecturer used a humor video to show the language is an important thing in international business. Because most of people are not a native speck, using English. There could be some misunderstand in same sentence. Humor is a good way for me to learn from one part to the other part. However, I think every lecture's topic is independently! It is not easy for me to match with others.
I like the design about the lecture. Like what i talked about just now in previous questions. A good introduction is very important. After that, our tutor will give some example to let us feel more about the theme. We also are allowed to have some time to discuss with our course mate during the lecture if the time is okey. This part helps us that we could understand the theme more. If the lecture is humour used in anyway, for me, I must be attracted. I like jokes  and interesting things.
Talking about humour, I like the lecturer of International business his way, most impressed me, is the performance for different cultures. This is quite interesting and fun, although It may not be 100% true. The lecturer of strategy and B.B's lecture both have strong logical. It is really easy to understand what they want to teach.
The lecturer have their own logic and outline for their lecture. And when we have the class they like to use the examples to make us learn more about topic and led to the next point easily. For the logical outline, I respond this point in the first question that the most easy structure for the presentation is find the information about ""what why how"" for the topic. And connecting all the points together can make the lecture flows more logically. As some topic of the lecture is very serious and academic, the audience might  feel boring or sleepy for the presentation. At this time, it is very important for the speaker to attract the attention of the audience, so some lecturers will use their humor. From my perspective, it is really helpful but also very difficult to get the balance of the humor between serious. When we want to use the humor, we need to think more about whether it is suitable or not.
Everyone tries to use the best example that they can give and I personally feel that John and Bidyut try to give the best examples and add humor in their teaching. They try and cover every slide as possible.
I am really interested in our courses because there are lots of new teaching styles and we never feel bored in class.John who is our International Business lecturer, this is the third I mentioned him today, his lecture is dramatically interesting. For example, he would like to use some humour languages and do some interesting gestures in class, which I have never seen in Chinese classes. So I am really positive in his classes.Bidyut is the first lecturer who I can understand well in classes because of his logical thinking. Frankly speaking, I was a little nervous that I cannot understand English very well by lecturer when I started the first class, however, I cannot believe that I could understand Bidyut very well. I was very confidence after the first class and I can also learn better in other course.Strategic of EM is my favourite course because Dr. Jo North is significantly interesting and activity in class. For instance, she put chocolates to everyone and encourage us to think and practice. She like our friend rather than our lecturer in my eyes.
In the class of Internal Business, the teacher made an impressive effort in setting the class coherence and logic, and the use of humour is also suitable. Other courses are very logical, but there may not be many humour points because of the nature of the course, or there may be cultural differences that we don't capture. For the class of Management of Technology, most of the content so far is Technology demonstration and presentation. Market analysis is available, but there is a lack of practice in personal career planning or entrepreneurship planning. The LAW course mentioned above, the guest lecturer invited in these two weeks, maybe I prefer the instruction of my professional teacher or perhaps because the guest lecturer himself is a lawyer and is serious. The explanation of the course is clear and logical, but the class may be a little depressing and boring, and the course itself is not easy to understand.
I have to admit that every ppt we can download from the VLE are very clear with visible clearly texts, suitable font size, neat layout and logically list of key points. and another thing I have to say is that all lecturers are largely responsible for each lecture. I saw different versions renewed in the VLE before the class. Like sometimes I did the preparation and I found it different during the lecture with the version I have downloaded last night.As I have mentioned before, we all enjoy the sense of humor of our lovely lecturers. (for instance, they make jokes on German and Trumph, of course, no means of offense.)The lecturers also use the visual aids like videos to play in a short time,  mini-dramas as assignments for groups to do in the platform. as we engaged in these dramas, we can flexibly practice what we have learned in the lecture, so it will be no problems when the lecturers going to move to the next point. the same function assignments such as to make group videos or to develop group ideas and present it are all full of fun and beneficial to understanding.
Right, the lecturers are very logical, Noel is very rigorous, John is humorous and passionate, Bidyut is very dynamic, Jo is good at activating the atmosphere in class and they can help me move from one point to another.
I can tell you something about the lecturer , I love them very much , I enjoy their courses. For example , Bidyut is an extremely patient lecturer, he wants all of us can understand what he says, and he wants to make sure everyone has already engaged in the course, when he finished one slide, he always ask us that it is make sense? or does everyone can understand it , if fewer people respond to him , he will ask it again. It really helps me follow him, as well move from one point to the next. John is a lecturer who is very humorous ,he always makes some jokes or tell us something interesting. His delivery is really great , he always use body language .  Noel's lecturer is also very interesting, he can give us so many examples and suggestions, the content is very clearly .
International Business: The teacher is very interested in the class, although sometimes the classroom rhythm is too fast, often elaborated, feeling a little jump, the overall feeling is good.Management and marketing of technology: The lecturer is very logical to divide the course into different modules and progress from shallow to deep.Law for Engineering management: Some lecturers are more rigorous and academic, and some lecturers are more humorous.MSc Personal Effectiveness and masterclasses: The lecturer is very funny and uses a lot of body language.Strategy management for EM: Use real-life cases and funny language with pizza rolls and chocolate as a reward
1. Our lectures are designed reasonably and interesting. I was studying electronic engineering when I was undergraduate so that I don't have management background and the setting of our course includes law, enterprise, international business and some other useful business courses which can help beginners easily get started. The cases of our courses are related to the newest technology and theory in the world and lecturers will explain them carefully and give students time to consider questions.2. Every teachers has their own way to be humous in class. The lecturer who teaches us strategic management always give us lively and interesting class. For example,  
 I think there are some courses, such as marketing, that will give you some familiar examples to illustrate the knowledge points. The advantage of this is that we can better accept it. However, the curriculum itself is very abstract, and it is not easy to explain with specific objective things. It is more difficult to understand when transforming knowledge points.
In Bidyut's lecture I fell very nice. He is a very friendly lecture, and his slides will always have many images to follow. Sometimes I don't know some words'meaning, I can guess it from the images. Also, he is a well organized lecturer, he can concentrate our attention in the whole lecture.
To make presentation flow more logically and consistently, lecturers have to prepare speech draft previously. and repeat key words to do forward layer upon layer.Humor can be employed in appropriate time, not too much.lecturers have to guide audiences to watch and think from one point to the next.And the lecturer has done it skillfully.
John is the most humour teacher, in his class, he often gives some interesting and vivid examples to explain some obscure and difficult concepts. For example he likes use Trump to represent stupidity and German to make some jokes. Other teachers also make jokes at times to liven up the atmosphere or explain difficult concepts.My teachers really helped me move from one point to the next. For example  In the course of international business, the teacher started with cultural differences and analyzed the development of international economic forms, which made me understand a lot of etiquette and problems that should be paid attention to in international business.  In the course of market technology, the teacher talked about how to conduct market analysis of his own products, such as his own market analysis, product analysis, target analysis.
The teacher's curriculum design is very reasonable, the course content is also divided into different parts, from the simple definition to the later case analysis, the course rhythm is very reasonable. Occasionally there will be some small games during class, such as drama performances, etc. to enhance the atmosphere of the classroom. It is also very reasonable to connect between different courseware.
The lecturers will list the content they want to speak in a systematic way on the PPT, and the page design and font size will have a heavy division and logical connection. The lecturer will make the content he wants to talk about the knowledge point of juxtaposition, amalgamation and step by step, so that we sound more logical. It also helps us understand. The lecturer occasionally refocuses our attention with humor and humorous examples or makes it easy for us to remember the knowledge points.
I feel I can follow the lecturer very well. All the lecturer would speak clearly, to make sure students could understand what they taught. Lecturers used interactive teaching methods to help people to think. I think it is a very useful strategy. At the same time, lecturers would help us to connect two knowledge points.
Humour and jokes will be an excellent start for the whole lecture. Especially in International Business, John could always give us some hilarious jokes to obtain our attentions for the topic. Frankly speaking, all the structure of every lectures were very clear and logic, because they all start with easy introduction then they will turn to details and basic key points. During the variation of  PowerPoint slides, lecturers could always create connections to the next slides and lead us move from one point to the next by using some sentences ""next we will talking about..........""
Tutors always tells us the topic of today's speech, and then starts to explain according to the PPT. With ppt, you can know what part of the tutor is talking about, so it is not too difficult to keep up with their ideas.It is also very clear in logic. Most of them will have a process of asking questions and solving problems. Some tutors will have some humorous ways to help us understand.My favorite lecture is Marketing by doctor Bidyut, why I really like the lecture, because his lecture have strong structure, I can follow him, he always give us more specific example, like more different company.
Each teacher has his own different teaching methods. Some of them are humorous and some belong to the academic school who are very serious(for example, the Law). But every teacher is logical and strict. I think it would be better if teacher could explain a profound knowledge clearly and easily.
: Every lecture is very logical and professor always talk some interesting thing or joke to attract our attention, especially professor of marketing. We can easily to follow the professor and there are some interesting case study. From time to time, teacher had some interaction with us, which let the environment of class really relax.
Every lecture has their characteristic, generally speaking I am pretty satisfied about the lecture.International business :  The tutor of International business can be really kind and accessible. And I do like his class, because of the teaching style of him. During the process of his class, he always tells jokes and makes us laugh, therefore, the atmosphere in the classroom is really active. Additionally, there are many interactions between teachers and students. And I also remember an interesting class that he let us to do the drama play to learn more about different personal quality of different countries. That's pretty interesting and we learn more about the different cultures. The class was well designed and every section has the connection with the next part.Management and marketing of technology : Noel and Bidyut designed their lecture carefully and they give the content in the very beginning of this course. Therefore, we know what we are going to learn every single class. And every single part have the connection with the next part, so, we can follow it logically and it is easy for us to follow it since we know what content we are going to learn. Bidyut and Noel are humourous to some degree, and when we move to every small part in their slides, they would like to do the summary of the last part and introduce the new part.Law for engineering management : The lecture is special for changing teacher every class, and every single class was well prepared by the professional lawyers. Every single class taught different knowledge to us, because of changing teacher every class, it is difficult to make a summary for last part and introduce new part. However, after finishing every single class, the professional lawyers would like to do the conclusion part perfectly to help us deep understanding of the new knowledge. The professional lawyers seldom use humour into the class but the class taught by them is logical. Personal effectiveness and masterclasses : Bidyut designed the slides carefully and new technique will be taught every different class. Bidyut always tell the small jokes and he can be judged as humourous. Besides, before introducing a new topic, we can see the structure of content in the introduction part. Therefore, we can have a general structure in our mind. Enterprise : Noel and Bidyut taught this course together, and they have different task in this course. Every part is well designed and it flow logically from one point to the other. Noel and Bidyut can be judged as humourous to some degree.Strategy management : North give us the table of content of the whole course, so, we can have general idea of this course. Every single class's task has been assigned, and her class was well prepared. Moreover, the knowledge for every class can be used into the case study in the last part, so, it can be called logical. To be honest, North is really humourous and she always wish us laugh in the class and it is easy to follow her instruction to move from one point to the next.
When we attend the international business course, our tutor may exaggerate some facts and form stong comparation with others. In this way, it can leaves a depressive impression for us and raise our interests to the mind of other countries. After finishing this lecture, we will look through a lot of books to satisfy our cruiosity, which is helpful to broden our horizon.
the lecturer  can always give us some examples to make us have a deep knowledge of the module,and they can give us some backgrounds to help us move from one points to the next.
Actually, i must to say, all the classes have some connections, i can use the theories from marketing to the course of enterprise. So, in the view of the whole structure is very clear.As for each lecture, teachers use kinds of ways to attract us engage with the classes, like communication, joke, eye contact, body language. All of these can move the process for the lecture and are useful.
The contents of the lecturer are logical, which makes it convenient for us to learn step by step with the contents of the lecturers.The content is so fluid that it doesn't feel like a strange thing suddenly appears.Most of lecturers are humorous. They are good at regulating the atmosphere of the class and make it less boring.
Each lecture is designed very well and logically. Every lecture makes it easy for me to understand, and the instructor will connect each point in a humorous way to make it easier for me to accept. The connections between knowledge points are very fluid and easy to understand.
Most of lectures are designed very good but the lecture of International Business maybe is not very clear . I mean this  lecture  are lack of  some clear slides . As a overseas student ,sometimes I cannot understand the content but if we have clear slides I can review the content after class .
I think every lecturer provided us a clear and organized sessions from week to week so we could have a plan at the beginning of semester which is really different from Chinese teachers who are used to give tasks separately.In strategy lecture, the lecturer gives me a deep impression because she is good at directing student by asking questions, interacting with us and giving some relevant assignments. So does our International business lecturer who always make fun of himself when he notice we are distracted. The marketing lecturer has different way to design his sessions which always gave us some real model to analyze like some famous brands and firm.
I think these lectures are designed better. In general, these lectures are very effective but many students cannot fully accept them in class. There is no problem with the logic of the lecture. The teacher will follow the temptation, start with a simple definition, and then gradually speed up the process and difficulty. In some difficult knowledge points, the lecturer will use case analysis or background culture to explain abstract information. They will also make the lectures more lively and active by playing drama or competition.
Certainly yes! Most lectures are delivered by professors logically which always help me a lot. However, some lectures are given by different lectures which sometimes make me a bit confused. Because the contents that between two classes are totally different.
The lectures have flowed in a logical fashion, with a summary of the contents given at the beginning and then each point or concept being clearly introduced one by one. These concepts are also broken up with activities for the class to complete with each other, which allows for further and deeper engagement with those concepts. A final summary of the lecture's learning objectives is given at the end, which has been helpful, as it has established the key takeaways for each lecture.
Lecture  - Audio Signals &amp; Psychoacoustics is structured very well in my opinion. The lectures started from very basic concepts and continued to the more complex ideas. It is absolutely logic. Furthermore, the next lectures aren’t much more advanced from that before so it is easy to follow the main core of the lecture. Additionally, the lecturer is well acquainted, is humorous, open for questions (even when people are asking a lot), kind. After the lecture there is always the possibility to speak with lecturer personally and solve something that is non-understandable.
The lectures have been designed very well. They follow a logical structure that is easy to keep up with; each slide is self contained with a clear heading but links to the previous and next slide. Handouts are also used to keep everybody engaged, along with exercises that are usually completed in pairs. The lecturer for my iOS programming for music technology is especially enthusiastic and his lectures are usually very funny and enjoyable to attend.
The modules are very well designed and, as I knew last week, there are few changes this year and redesigned modules. It means that the lecturers and the MSc directors are working to improve the MSc content. This week we started a new module called ""Voice acoustics and applications"" and we asked Helena why the module was starting in week 5 instead of in week 2, as the others did. The answer was that there was a lot of necessary concepts to do the module covered in ""Audio Signals and Psychoacoustics module"" and they decided to split this two subjects (First 5-6 weeks ASP and lasts 5 weeks VAA) to avoid repeating the same content at the first weeks. Personally, I appreciate this split because I remember that when I was studying my Bachelor, I had duplicate-lessons in various subjects and I felt it as a waste of time...About the single lecture design, normally they are well designed and even the two hours long lessons are agile. Especially Andy (iOS module) is very funny and their classes are quite entertaining. And always at the same time that we are learning, I think this is an evidence that he designs the lectures very well.
It really depends on the lectures. Most are designed pretty well. I'm particularly impressed with the Audio Signals and Psychoacoustics lectures. The lecturer manages to get through a lot of content, while managing to make it digestible, as well as having a great sense of humour. Although certain lectures aren't designed quite as well. Double lectures can be quite a handful and it tends to be difficult to keep focus into the second hour, especially when the content is very advanced. Certain lectures also really aren't suited to lecturing. Lectures focusing exclusively on maths are very difficult to follow, and usually boil down to having to repeat everything from scratch at home.
Yes to all. Most lectures tend to have a good structure and a logical flow. It is essential for lecturers to keep ones attention by doing some demos, interact with the audience and use humour when needed. From my experience all lecturers are willing to take the time to further explain some concept or answer any questions during or after the lectures which is very helpful.
From my experience, the lectures have been well planned out. From a lecture to lecture basis, the lectures have followed a sensible order where each lecture build on knowledge learned in the previous lectures. This is also the case within lecturers, where content follows a logical order with each slide building on the knowledge of the previous slides.
I especially like Andy`s iOS lecture.  His lecture is always full of humour and he does not simply read the slides.  He prepares videos, examples, pictures and audio files which helps me to understand things better.  Frank is also friendly and explains thing well during the lectures.  Frankly, I cannot say his mathematical lectures were always very fun (especially Fourier transform slides), but he always adds some humour which makes me to focus on them.  When it comes to workshop, I personally enjoy it.  When I ask questions, he answers with notes and examples.  
Most of lectures have great logic and are well organized. I can clearly understand the skeleton of every lecture through their first several slides. Some of lecturers use very humour way to attract students' attention such as saying some relative jokes, telling us some interesting stories and so on. Lecturers help me a lot move from one point to the next. Everytime they will move to the next point, they will ask students if we have any questions. If so, they will answer question, then move to the next point. Sometimes they will also introduce the relationship between two points. They will all use slides to help them make logic clear and also sometimes interesting slides help their lectures become more humour. The slides are made in a very clear style full with useful pictures and symbols.
In the design of the lecture, most of the lecturers did well. The lecturers will involve some funny jokes and funny stories as examples in the opening or lecture content. While the atmosphere is lively, the lecturers can also attract the audience's attention and help the audience better understand and remember the class content. Most lecturers use tools such as powerpoint to help their audience understand. They will clearly express what they want to express through brief words or pictures. I think powerpoint is very convenient to take the audience from that to the next point. It also improves the logic of the lecture. I think that's one of the reasons why a lot of lecturers like powerpoint.
The lecture flew logically generally, but it would be better if  the lectuere can review the content of last class at the start.some of the lecturers are humourous such as Bidyut and International Businese lecturer( sorry, I do not his name)All lecturers are good in the respect of helping me move from one point to the next  . It is worth mentioning that all lectures are relevant, for example, recently most of classes are involved in how to perform in a presentation.
I think the Law for Engineering Management is well designed. After three different lecturer introducing the law in the UK for us, there were two lawyer coming from off campus in week4 and week5, one introduced what happens when things go wrong, the other introduced employment law. They were both logical and professional, showed us the law in the UK step by step. When talking abhout humour, I think the lecture in International Business used lots of humour and students always bursted into a laughter.
In terms of the design of the lecture, I think many teachers have done a good job. Just like the answer to the first question, I think every teacher has met this standard. Whether it is the opening speech or the conclusion, it is very logical and clear in structure. Positive interaction with classmates also adds to the atmosphere of the classroom. Just like the answer to the previous question, in the international business class, teachers will use exaggerated body language, rich facial expressions and changeable tone to let us better understand the background of the class content. That's humor. The  content What we usually study, also be a point to connect closely with next point, so the conversion of knowledge point becomes natural and fluent.
I think all lectures are interesting except law. Maybe it is because I don't like law and this module is always difficult to understand. In this lecture I have lost my ming many times and I tried hard to concerate on the lecture.
I think Dr Baruah's lecture is the most logical one, and Dr Jhon's lecture often use some humourous examples, as for Dr North's lecture, she can always help me move from one point to the next.
Very good. Full of logical thinking.The lecturer had a good sense of humor.Yes,the organization and connection are very good,it is easy for me to follow.
Definitelly yes, my thoughts always followed the key of lecture. Because the content is brief and clear in order that I can know about the task and process of this session. Besides, most lecturers are alway famous, especially John, and I can understand clearly and quickly. All of lectures flow logically, and I can know deeply.
In my opinion, John is the most humorous teacher in my class. When he told about different people's behaviour in different culture, he always told some jokes about that. It is very interesting so he can always draw my attention at his class. And Bidyut is the humorous teacher too when he realizes some students sleep or be distracted he always make a joke about that to pull students back. And he always put some interesting images on his slides to explain some abstract concepts. I think it is a good way to teach us.And all of my teachers will give us a clear logic and structure for us to master this kind of knowledge. They always give us the overview and object of this course and teach us to step by step.
The ppt slides of the lectures were designed with logic and the lectures flowed logically, there would be some cohesions before introducing us to the next subject. Humour was used to help us relax and improve our efficiency of learning and it was very common in our lectures, especially in International Business. The lecturers did help me move form one point to the next.
Every lecture flows logically and coherent. And every teacher is humorous. If i have to chose one class is the most humorous, it belongs to international business. And I think the teacher of Bityut do best on the lecture help of moving from one point to the next.
I think this kind of activity is useful for us. Teaching in this way is more intuitive than directly explaining the definition of the model. This makes it easier to remember what the model says, and to get a better sense of how it's used in practice
It designed very well, the class is fun and interesting. It flowed logically, the lecturer is full of a sense of humor, and I never feel ambiguous about the switch of the points.
Obviously, the lecturers are well prepared before the lectures. The slides are very logic, and it's also easy to understand. And there will always be strong signals before the lecturers move to next point which can help us to follow.
Firstly, I think the lecturer need to have outline to the  audience. Secondly to explain the points. Finally give the conclusion.As well as the humour can make the lecture more interesting.
The lecture was designed very reasonable, content rich. The lecture flowed logically，there is a good ,compact thread connecting each part. And the tutors usually used funny stories and experience to explain theories or cases which is useful to attract our attention and it helped us to understand easily. The tutor always introduce the topic of the lecture and listed the subheadings, which helped us to grasp the whole structure of the class. when moving to next point, the subheadings are helpful.
I  think  the flow they used is very smooth, they help us move from one to the next with expected, and they all very humor, the way they talk can draw our attention efficacious, and they way they talk is very logical.
Dr.John always has a word document to show us the key points of his lecture.It is very clear and to know next point.
I really like Dr Bidyut Baruah's marketing of technology class. First of all, the teacher's speaking speed is moderate, the volume is just right, there will be no unclear situation. Secondly, the teacher's body language is very good, making it easy for people to keep up with his rhythm. During the course of the lecture, the teacher asked us many times, “Can you understand?” The teacher’s logic is also very strong during the lecture. For example, when talking about Branding, the teacher will tell us what branding is, and then give some examples. Let us understand better. Then tell us about Foundations of branding? Then Why brand? Every step is very clear, the logic is very strong, the whole process from shallow to deep, we can easily keep up with the teacher's rhythm, and it is easy to understand. In the process of teaching, the teacher gave some examples that everyone is familiar with. What we are exposed to is no longer the cold knowledge, but the things that actually appear around us. It is very easy to accept.
Most lectures I have been through here leaves mehuge impact, not only for the accuracy they have been delivered, but also the humorin it. These small details happened quite often in all subjects, I’ll just takeinternational business class as an example. Instead of using slides, Dr Issitusually brings up his topic with some Key words on Word document. He structured andanalyzed the Key words in a logical way, which is easy to understand, toillustrate to whole concept of international business. The greatest part is heoften make some jokes, not in the bad way, to demonstrate the inevitablefrictions happened in trans-cultural business situation. Sometimes he held little group activitiesto give us a better understanding of this subject and indeed they are quite unforgettable.
Lectures were very strict in logic and lecturers were very humorous because they often would like to use some funny examples or stories to help us to understand what they said.
I think give content at first of the class is a good logic for us. It told us what we learned in the class. It also good for us to review at the end of the class. Every lecture taught a lot of knowledge point, tutor classified them very well. They gave us keywords that were helpful to understand. In international business class, John's language is very humour that made the emotion relaxed. In this atmosphere, my learning efficiency has improved a lot.
They are good designed talkingabout the way they are presented and delivered. But in my opinion in sometimesthe lectures are too long. And this is not related with the time but in thecontent of the class. I think that there is too much information compressedwithin the lectures. It sometimes makes me feel overwhelmed cause there a lotof things to keep tracking of.In the other hand, most of the time the professors use humor to deliver the lectures. I appreciate this because create a good teaching environment.
Most of the lectures or has a complete knowledge structure, is easy to make me a little understand the contents of the need to understand, such as the introduction of the communication, this course before I learn is web design and programming, the signal of knowledge does not understand, or even completely don't understand, so need to be more careful in this course, lucky is a professor in the process of this course, for some of the detail of the key words and formulas about are carefully, will be simple to separate physical concepts and mathematical formula,Personally, I am more accustomed to this way of teaching.
The lectures are really well structured and they are lined up in a logical order so we have a continuous flow of knowledge and learning. Also, by this, it is easier for us to grasp.For some of the lectures, we have the pre-printed notes so by that way we are able to easily annotate simultaneously.They make the sessions really interactive and engaging so we are always indulged in learning new concepts out of each topic.The continuity is always maintained where a lecture always starts by refreshing or discussing a few points from the previous lecture.
First of all, the courseware has been uploaded on the Internet in advance. So you can read them before class, which is a good thing for us foreign students. Because there may be some sentences that cannot be understood in the class, but as long as you read the courseware in advance, you can go to the lecture with questions, which can help you have a deeper understanding of the content presented in the class.The second is time. In my previous classes, most of the courses were two hours long, and I could not understand the knowledge presented in the lecture during this time. Most of the lectures in these weeks are about an hour. Although the time seems very short, it can be done step by step. It is more beneficial to study after each lecture to understand bit by bit.
As I saidbefore, the design of this lecture is also divided into two categories.For practicalcourses, more attention is paid to cause and effect, in other words, moredependent on the construction of code. Therefore, in the lecture, the lecturerdoes not need too many humorous ways to explain, but only needs to discuss whatis easily ignored in some mistakes.In theory,as said before, it is boring, so it depends on the lecturer of logical thinkingand interesting discussion to enhance the enthusiasm of the class. For example,in the marketing management class, the lecturer used the familiar McDonald's orKFC to explain the 4P mix.
I think the lecture is very good. Because the lecturers are not always read the slides. They show us the slides before the class begin, in the lecture, they introduce a little contents which in the slides  and add some information. Actually, they sometimes do some interactions with students like asking somebody a question. And we usually have some time to do group discussions.
The lectures for ""Management &amp; Marketing of Technology"" flow smoothly from one topic to the next by showing the students a timetable with which week of the term covering what topic.""Law for Engineering Management"" has the least amount of design as each lecture is presented by a different lawyer on a different topic of law.All lecturers for their modules use humor to help ease tension with a certain topic and to help the student engage with the lecturer when they ask a question during a lecture. This is most prominent in ""International Business"" with the many activities that are set for groups to do, though I don't find this method of lecturing to help teach the subject to me personally, it helps the other students from what I've observed.
In my opinion, the lecture design is reasonable, which combines real life with theoretical knowledge and uses theoretical knowledge to analyze cases. At the same time, knowledge is easy to accept. Many lecturers use body language to express humor and logical. For example, they will imitate others to explain, to express the knowledge they want to convey to us, which is very interesting and fascinating.
Many lectures are well designed and clearly express the content of the lecture.Lecturers introduce one topic into another, naturally and logically. And sometimes good jokes make people relax and more willing to listen.
Bidyaut Baruah: In case of  Bidyaut the flow of lecture is always amazing in case of marketing of technology and also in enterprise.In Enterprise with the slides of Bidyaut it really helped us to move from one point to another specially during the case of finance sourcing and during the making of marketing strategies.He answered our questions very effectively so things would be clear towards us.Noel Jackson: In case of Noel ,his lecture of enterprise helped us in getting ready our business idea and also it reminded us that now we have to make idea and move on with different aspects of business idea.His way of answering questions is really nice,always try to clear things towards students.John Issitt: He is really good in explaining things although his slides are simple on micro soft word but the amazing thing is he engaged students with him during the whole lecture with different activities. Therefore,his way of explaining things are quite amazing.He tries that students will be able to recall and use what we teach by helping them engage their prior knowledge and connect new information to their prior understanding in somehow so it a effective way of learning.
Personally I found lecture well designed and concise.
In some cases, the lectures are well designed to up to date . In such cases, lectures flows well logically with lots of humour on a particular lecturer teaching Digital design. To some extent I will say lecturers in the DSE section of the department are doing their best to move me from one point to the other.
The lecture is designed well. Although the lecture only has 50 minutes, but it contains large amount of knowledge which covers almost every aspect of certain technology or theory. It also has plenty of examples which will help students to understand what the lecture is talking about. At the end of the lecture or before starting the lecture, usually, all the lecturer will leave couple of minutes to let students ask some questions. 
The lecturer usually starts with the basic content. They teach in the order of technology development. They often list the defects of the previous technology, and then tell us what problems the new technology solves. That reduces the difficulty for students to understand. I think this is very good.
Every lecture teacher I have studied is very talented. After each theoretical course is finished, I will take a practical course and use the knowledge learned in the previous lesson to consolidate and apply it through experimental courses. Helped the use and memory of theoretical knowledge.
The speech must have a fixed logical concept, just like being unable to leave the title and exploring the whole topic. I think this is a very important point. Humor in the speech is to attract the attention of the audience, to ensure that the audience does not feel that the theme is boring. In addition, I think the most important thing is the logic of speech. The most important thing in academic speech is to have a logical speech.
In general, the speaker would introduce some background or application of the main content to improve audience's interest, and then a main point will be given to them. In this process, there would be some examples to ensure audience understand and know how to apply the knowledge. And finally, some interesting questions could be set for audience.
The lecturer’s words are humorous and will inadvertently say something to adjust the atmosphere. Speak clearly and easily, understand, and be happy to answer and re-explain when we have problems.
Yes. I think many of lectures are logicaland humor. For example, in this week’s MSc Personal Effectiveness and Master classes.Dr Bidyut Baruah teachus something about how to attractive the audience in the presentation. First,show us how to write good content, which include the introductionof presentation’s introduction, main body and conclusion. The order of these contents depends on the right order of a PPT.after speaking something about content, he teaches ussomething about the body language, movement, wearing, voice and so on. All thecontent is connected with each other logically. I think this kind of linkbetween different part of PPT is good. Besides that, he also uses some Interestingpresentation mistake example to tell us what shouldn’t do during the presentation,and this is the humor part.
Professor Jhon  Issitt often flowsa logically, but  sometimes not. Basically,because his objectives sometimes are not clear when he starts his lecture.However, His lectures are not boring because he uses a lot of his skill ofhumor and he teaches us with examples. Noel Jackson is clear with his lecture and flows logically. He is more serious,but he uses examples which help a lot to learn. Furthermore, Jackson helps meto move to one point to another easily.Tony Ward   flows logically in his lectures. It was alittle difficult to follow because I could not hear very well. He did not usehumor in his lectures.  In his lecture waseasy to move from one point to other.Bidyut Baruah flows logically in his lectures. He uses humor in orderthat some students do not sleep in his class. He helps me to move from onepoint to another easily.Joanna North lectures flows logically. Because his objectives are clear andeach one is related with another. She sometimes uses the humor in order tomotivate us. In his lectures she helps me to move to one point to anothereasily.
There is connection between different knowledge. In addition, our lecturers often use some interesting examples to help us understand better and make the classroom atmosphere relaxing.
Law for engineering management:The lecture flowed logically and the lecturer could help me move from one point to the next.But sometimes it was a little boring.Marketing of Technology:I think the lecture was designed very clearly and the lecture is interesting.The lecture also flowed logically.The lecturer did well in helping me move from one point to the next.Management of Technoloy:During this lecture,I can move from one point to the next easily and it flowed logically.International Business:The lecture was humour and I enjoy this lecture.Enterprise:The flow of the lecture was logical.Strategy Management:The designed of the lecture was good for me.MSc Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses:I can learn more from this lecture because of its good and clear design.
The lectures were really well designed and they all followed a path so we can understand everything. Another point that I consider important and positively is that the record the classes. The classes are also tried to be dynamic by making the students participate.
I  think every lectures are designed carefully, the lecture always include some interesting content, like pictures, video, and some talk.  And every different content have good link, which I can understand and accept.
The lectures were designed very well because its content is very attractive to us.And the lecturers were humourous and let us laugh from time to time.Last but not least,lectures always helped us move from one point to the next smoothly.If we have any questions,just talk to the lectures.They would answer us immediately.
The lecture was designed logically. From Monday to Friday, the lectures are arranged everyday logically and suitably for the perspective from students. We don't feel much nervous or too relaxed everyday. For the arrangement of everyday's task and lectures, we have energy to finish them efficiently. The style of lecturers who teach us by using humorous way. For the course of  Strategic Management for EM, the lecturer is Dr. North. She is so kind during class. When we have trouble in thinking something about lectures, she always helps us move from one point to the next. For example, the majority of us have no idea about the 4th Industry Revolution, she told from the 1st Industry Revolution to 3rd Industry Revolution, and she leaded us to think the 4th Industry Revolution.
The lecture is designed to be easier for us to follow what lecturer wants to tell us. For example, in the lecture of international business, Dr. John use some humour to make us feel relaxed in the lecture and get the point much easier. The whole lecture seems fluently and there is a strong connection between each point. 
I think every course has their own logical and structural content, which is very easy to understand and study. i have to say that i really like International business. The main reason is that professor is very humorous at class who always use some simple and funny words and examples to explain theory. In his class, there are so many laughing. At the same time, he always use many different ways to let students learn theory through practice and strengthen their memories. So i really like his class.
They ask us such as ""Does it make sense?"", ""Do you have any questions?"" to check if we understand or not. 
The powerpoint in the lecture are clear, it's easy to follow. I think our teacher is quite humour, for example, in the course Management and Marketing of technology, the teacher used a funny picture, a pink heels with the patterns of hello kitty. 
In general, most of the lectures are designed to be interesting. The lecturers will mobilize the enthusiasm of the students through some small games or interactive sessions. Since each lecturer comes from a different country and a different culture which gives them different humor styles, some lecturers like to share interesting stories during the presentation, and some lecturers prefer to use funny pictures on their slides. At the same time, the consistency between each point is strong during the lecture, this is because the lecturers will use some concrete examples to summarize each knowledge point.
Yes, they have a nice design. I can find that every part content flow logically.It en ables me to think clearly about each knowledge module and I can easily find the connection between each part.Bsides,some teachers can liven up the classroom atmosphere by telling jokes.
Well, in my opinion, the lecture was in a reasonable pace. It's not so slow that we couldn't learn much, and it's not too fast to understand what the lecturer said. I felt comfortable with the pace of the lecture. By the way, I think all the lecturers are very humorous when they are talking in the lecture. The punchlines they used in the lecture made it not only more intersting but also moving from one point ot the next smoothly. I think it's quite different from what I accepted before which might seem a little serious.
I think every lecture is logical and easy to follow, lecturer may organize their lecture well and sometimes the lecturer would use humour but maybe because of different culture background I can not get that kind of humour. Of course, all of these lecture could help me to move to the next point.
Generally, the duration of each lecture is 50 minutes, which is different from the length of lecture time in Chinese university. The time is relatively short so that we are more likely to concentrate in the 50-minute class without distracting. During the class, like International Business, Dr. John always communicated with us in their eyes, adjusting the volume of the content to make the voice high and low, ensuring that we can all hear clearly and attract our attention. The settings of slides were clear and concise enough to express the main content without being tedious.
I can clearly hear the voice of every lecturer.The slides of Dr Bidyut Baruah are clear and clear. Bidyut, John and Joannawill use their eyes to confirm that every student understands what they aresaying during class.
Professor BB's words are very simple, and his course is one of the courses I understand well. The slides are also very attractive, and he often have eye contact with us.NJ's voice is clear, and he is very patient when answering questions. his examples are easy for us to understand.Professor TW's pronunciation is very clear, but previous classes were in the central hall, the sound became a little bit unclear and echoed. Then, the two teachers who taught  law were too fast to understand.Professor JI's voice is the loudest, and I can even hear him in the back row. He is very patient and very clear when answering questions.JN's voice is very loud and the pronunciation is very clear and very slow. There are many eye contact and interactions with us. 
I think the lectures delivered quite well in most of the classes.I can hear the lecturer clearly. Also the slides are very clear. One more suggestion: if the slides can highlight some main words or explain some difficult concepts, it must be very useful for students to preview and review.What is more, our teachers often use eye-to-eye contact much and some interaction in our classes.Our teachers rarely use notes, but I think it is ok because the slides can include all of the course contents.Another suggestion: if all of our classes can be videotaped, it can be really helpful for students to review our class contents.
The lecturers told the contents clearly and fluently. The slides come in different forms, but basically, they clearly contain what they want to tell. Their body language is very rich, they will vividly express what they want to say, including eye contact, they will communicate with more students as much as possible to deepen understanding and thinking. They will develop from the curriculum in the courseware and notes, enriching the ideas they need to convey as much as possible. Instructors also often design a lot of teamwork and compete among groups, which will exercise our ability to think and teamwork in a limited time.
The content of the slides can be clearly conveyed, and the lecturer can explain the ppt well when giving us lecture . I can understand the contents of the course. At the same time, every lecturer has eye contact with us. I enjoy every lesson.
They have wonderful lecture for me. Although I learned most of theories in the university, they combine with the case and help me think more. They speak clearly and most of them have nice powerpoint. They try to give us more and more, so they sometimes speak a little bit quickly. They also consider about our learning in the class, because they will look through everyone.
I think the lecture is okey, very good. I could hear the lecturer clearly, the slides are clear. We have good eye-to-eye connection and they use notes.
Absolutely, All of our lecturers have good presentation skills, have good ppt slides, I can easily get the point.They have good body language, and eye contact, I feel they try to engage me and expect me to answer or ask questions. Also, I can feel they have confidence.I can remember, in the law module, B. B. taught the clean wastewater and plastic company.I really like this way to engage students, set by set students can think more deeply in the different situation.
As for all the teachers have their own teaching styles or the presentation styles, they give me some different feelings on their class, but all the lectures are very well. And I almost concentrate on the lectures in all class. Some teachers make the slides very clearly, which is really helpful for me to review the knowledge after the class. And some teachers like to use some phrases to show their views, and they will explain their points in the class with many examples. I always sitting in the front of the classroom so I can hear them very clearly. And I also have some eye contact with them excepts they want to find some students to answer their questions which I really have no idea. For the last question, during me observed, all my lecturers did not use the notes. Because they taught the class for many years and they know about their slides very well, they needn't to use the notes to notice themselves the next point. It is very important for us to give a talk, we can make some notes but we can't read it, we need to practice more to make it fluency.
The delivery and noise level of every lecturer is very good. The slides are really based on the points that they want to say.
The lectures were pretty good in my point and I am really positive about those teaching styles that I mentioned in last question.Every lecturer would like use their microphone so everyone can hear words clearly even if they set the latest. Sometimes, lecturers made some activities with us and everyone can join in. In this way, we can learn efficiently.In terms of slides, it is really perfect for us that we can download slides in advance and look through before courses. In addition, we can look the slides by PC/iPad during lesson when we set in the back row. Some classmates also make notes on their slide, like me, of course.Communicating with students eye-to-eye is common in our classes. Almost every lecturer usually contacted to us by eyes, we also gave back our eyes line to express we had been understand the words. Sometimes, lecturers would like to do some games in classes and express points.Most lecturers do not use notes during their classes, they just use key words by slides. Because they are all very very very knowledgeable and all the content in their brain.That is so cool and I hope I can gat their level in a day. 
The University is well equipped, and the teachers are well prepared. Therefore, the presentation of slides and the teachers are excellent. There was a lot of interaction and positive feedback from students. Affirm the quality of the teacher's teaching.
Time, content and the structure are all delivered well in each lecture. no lecturer dismiss the class not on time. the amount of content is suitable (not too much and not too less) and the difficulty of each lecture can be seen gradually increased. the bar charts or the diagrams are always be used to illustrate key points, which are visual tools to reinforce our recognition.I can hear very clearly the lecturer, they are energetic and excellent teachers.They engaged with everyone with eye-to-eye contact usually, they never read the ppt and they are familiar with the knowledge they are going to talk about to us. they often look around the class and sometimes ask someone with eye contact.some of them use notes, which is the handout for us. we can know what he will go to explain. 
By and large, their expressions are clear, but sometimes I don't understand when they speak quickly, and they all make eye contact.
Yes , of course they can , their delivery is really wonderful , each of the lecturers can have eyes contact with all of us, as well as great body language . Sometimes they use the loudspeaker to ensure they can be heard form everyone , their speed of speech is suitable for the international students to follow with them . And we can see the ppt clearly because all of them use the fonts which are big enough. They also show us some video in the class ,it is really helpful when we start to learn a new knowledge.
International Business: The lecturer's voice is very loud and penetrating without using a microphone.Management and marketing of technology: Classroom is fun and interesting, often with eye contact.Law for Engineering management: Different lecturers have different styles.MSc Personal Effectiveness and masterclasses: This class talks about how to use eye contact, body language, etc.Strategy management for EM: The lecturer takes care of every classmate and then has a lot of eye contact.
I think most of my teachers are more clear in teaching and can understand the teacher's meaning very well. But I have two suggestions for this. First, I hope that the teacher will avoid asking ""Do you understand"" or ""I understand if I understand"" when the class is being lectured, because most students will face it in person. This fact. I also hope that the teacher can ask a specific question, and then pass the student's answer to the question to judge the degree of understanding of the knowledge point. Second, I think there are some cases where there are too many words on the slide. Although these words are important knowledge points, this will cause obstacles for students to read. I think there is one or two knowledge points on the slide and increase the slide.
I like to sit in the back of the classroom, I can hear all the lecturers clearly, because in big classrooms they will have a microphone to  enlarge their voice. Also all the slides are very clear, I can get a lot of information from the slides. All lecturers have eye contract with us all the lecture, they sometimes will come down to the stages and talk with us friendly.
The lecture was packaged and delivered effectively and we can comprehend main ideas and access to some details on time.The slides are also very clear with appropriate size and front of words, as well as colors.The lecturer contacted with our eyes sometimes and can focus more on his presentation.
In the John`s class, he makes a list of the main points and then give the explanation with them. So we take the notes , during this period he also make some examples or funny story to make difficult concepts easy to understand. As a result , I can remember most of his word.  I like Bidyut`s lessons, for the reason that he not only put the main points on the courseware, but also explained them reasonably and explained them further with examples. At the same time, he talked very carefully and communicated with his classmates at all times. And he feels bad about studying with others. I felt endless power on him.  In the Joanna`s lessons , although she has the ppt, she always share her hands-on background with us and give us some work to do.     Noel ：The way of lecturing is like an experienced old man, who is more willing to ask us our opinions on some questions in class. All of my teachers make them voice loud to make every one hear clearly, and they have the engage with us and they make the notes.
First of all, the contents of the teacher's lectures are very clear. The contents of the lectures are also audible. The content of the slides is very clear and the focus is obvious. It is easy for students to know the key points of the lectures. When I hear the key content, I will also focus on the course. There will always be eye contact and interaction in the classroom between the teacher and the student.The only downside is that there may be something in the class that you don't understand, maybe because of English.
The speech worked well. Lecturers who teach in large classrooms usually wear speakers so that every student can hear them. The lecturer's slide is very clear. There is no detailed content on the slides. The lecturer will divide some content he wants to talk into several aspects, and then put them on the PPT in order. The lecturer will logically expand on these headings or very general content. Occasionally, I may have doubts or disagree with the lecturer, but as the lecturer explains the knowledge, I will agree with the lecturer or understand another aspect more.
I think lecturers delivered very well. They used slide clearly and speak loudly and clearly. They will eye contact and interact with us. Also they used notes to let the course logically. 
All lecturers gave their presentation by looking at us instead of reading the PowerPoint slides. This eye-to-eye contact was very effective while imparting knowledge to us, because we can concentrate and pay more attention to the topic. Combined the suitable utilization of clear PowerPoint, lecturers could clearly express the gist and important information of the topic to us. To make the total teaching process more funny, they usually created some interaction procedure, to help us get involved into specific situation to help us understand some theory or terminologies with deep impression,
The speech style of each tutor is different. but their ideas are clear enough and very attractive about their lecture, To be honest, though almost tutors are good at the lecture, sometimes I feel little boring in the law for Engineering Management class, because there are lots of legal provisions and I can't follow the tutor.Tutors will make a speech with a smile，and always keep eye contact with us, some tutors use notes, like law for EM.By tutors lecture, I can learn some skills for make a presentation, baby language, voice and slides clear, be confident.
Yes. I could hear the lecturer clearly. Their slides are clear. They always engage with us eye-to-eye to make sure we understand what they say.
: Most of lecture delivered clearly and the slides are very clear. However, there are some lecture so professional , which means it is  difficult for me to understand all the content so clearly, like low for engineering management. 
International business : The tutor of International business has a very loud voice and he delivers knowledge with his voice ups and downs to highlight some key points, we all can hear him clearly. He is really humorous and always tells some jokes to catch our attention. He seldom uses the slides, he would like to use the Word to list some key points by notes. And he always does the eye contact with everyone in the classroom.Management and marketing of technology : Noel is gentle and he has a bit low voice, but with the microphone, his voice can be heard in the whole class. Noel always puts many pictures in his slides to help us promote our understanding of knowledge. His lecture is clear enough and delivered much information to us. He always does the eye contact with us either. As for Bidyut, he has a good habit in produce the slides, he always highlights the key points in different colors. Therefore, we can focus on the key points once we see the slides. I do like the pace of Bidyut's class, he has a slow but loud voice and he use the microphone either, so, everyone in the class can hear him. He likes to have the eye contact with us and wish to do some interaction with us.Law for engineering management : Due to the course is special, our teacher always change. Generally speaking, the professional lawyers are really professional, and they would like to deliver the knowledge via their experience. With the help of the facility, we all can hear clearly. And their slides just list some key points, which mean the slides are clear enough and concise. They would like to do the eye contact with us, but they hardly have the interaction with us except the question part. They don't use notes, most of them just use the slides via PowerPoint.Personal effectiveness and masterclasses : The lecture is quite interesting and useful and it will deliver basic function of tools and some basic skills such as presentation and reference skills efficiently. The lecture is given by Bidyut, as I have mentioned before, we all can hear him clearly and his good habit of highlight the key points in slides helps a lot. And he always does the eye contact with us.Enterprise : Noel and Bidyut teach this course together and their deliveries are clear and efficient. Everyone of us can hear their voice clearly with the microphone and the slides are clear enough and concise. They would like to do the eye contact to engage us into this course.Strategy management : North delivered much useful information in the commercial strategy and her space of speaking is really slow and clear. Therefore, I can keep up with her easily. North has a loud voice and her voice heard full of energy, so, our students can hear her voice clearly. The slides made by her is concise enough, there won't be so much slides for her course. And she will do more interaction to engage us into this course, such as some games. She always does the eye contact with us either.
We can hear what our tutors speak clearly in every lecture. In order to let us know what they speak,our tutor may use microphone or speak loudly. Besides,our tutors also keep close contact with us and we can keep high contration on his course. Finally, the content in ppt include specific points, examples and summary, which are easily be understood by us.
For the most time,I can get the the key information and points in class,and I can understand what the lecturer have delivered to us ,However ,when the time last too long,I maybe miss some key points and information.
Firstly, all the teachers use clear powerpoint to help students understanding the context. For instance, teacher use many examples to prove the theory or use examples to explain the theory, which can help international students have a deeper understanding in academic flied.Secondly, teachers use mircophones to ensure everyone can hear the voice.Thirdly, appropriate communication make me feel more sense of participation for the classes.
The lectures effect were good, I can understand basically, also learn knowledge.The lecturers speak clearly and they give us enough time to see the PPT. Every teacher is eager to communicate with us.
The results of the speech are very good, and the instructors often have exchanges with us, especially eye contact. No matter where I sit in the classroom, I can clearly hear the teacher's voice, and their voice is full of emotions. The slides are also very clear, I can see very clearly. Teachers usually don't use notes, they can skillfully remember what they want to introduce.
The lectures are very good and I can hear clearly and they all use notes .
I think all the lectures delivered well although the first week I could not understand all the words very well. Every lecturer has different accent but it can be overcame after getting used to it.However, we have our first and second law lectures in the central hall and we seat on the stairs so it was hard to see the screen and hear the teacher clearly. In recent law lecture, there was a new lecturer invited and we  learn a lot from class however they spoke very fast and there are more than 50 slides in one class so it was hard for us to catch up.I take notes every class but not every thing. I try to write down key point so I can recall the contents.
I think all lecturers' speeches have been very successful. They can help us learn a lot of knowledge. Their voices are clear and their pronunciation is pure, which makes us not worried about listening. But I think they can slow down the speed of speech so that we can better absorb knowledge. The slides of the lectures are very clear and vivid, the content is very smooth, and the pictures and texts are combined very reasonably. The lecturers often interact with us, they ask questions, but sometimes we are ashamed to answer, and they don't have to continue to ask. They just use slides to teach content, and I rarely find that they use comparison to teach.
I think that the lectures have generally been delivered well. It has always been possible for me to hear the lecturers clearly (although almost of the lectures have taken place in a small room with a small number of students, so it was not particularly likely to have note been the case). The lecturers have all used a good amount of eye contact as well. The notes and slides provided have also been clear and well laid out, making them easy to read.
-    The class is small: ~ 25m^2 -    Adopted acoustically – very well speech understanding -    Screen for presentations is big enough-    The slides are prepared very well. They have the most important information, they are very clear and           understandable. Lecturers keep eye-to-eye contact with is great.
The lecturers are very clear and easy to understand. The lecture slides are very readable with clean and professional colour schemes and general themes overall. Pictures are also used in most slides, where relevant, to help with the explanation and audience engagement. The lecturers don't use notes which makes what they are saying clearer and you can tell that they are thinking about what they are saying, rather than just reading from a script.
The slides are quite similar in all the modules (except Andy's, which are totally different) and all the key concepts are well structured and clear. Also is helpful the fact that we are able to download it before the class, have a look at them, and also, have it in our laptop or iPad during the lecture. Some of the lecturers use notes, but just as a support material and they look at the very few times.Most of our lectures are in Genesys 6 class, so we don't have any problems to listen to the lecturer since the class is very little. The only problem we had was that the first weeks the whiteboard pens were empty and Frank was always trying to paint without success... Now, we have new pens and thus, the problem is resolved.
No complaints about the delivery of lectures here. So far the lectures were engaging, ran without any problems and were easy to follow. All lecturers used relevant slides and software, took questions (which is extremely helpful) and used notes to explain certain concepts.    
Once again, happy with everything except from the double lecture on Audio Signals and Psychoacoustics which can get very tiring due to being very long. All lecturers seem to really like what they are working with, and the excitement most of the time gets passed on to the audience. Their voice is loud and their pronunciation clear.
All lecturer deliver their lecture very clearly even for me.  I haven't experienced any difficulty understanding lecture because of accent or word choices.  Compared with guest lecturers from outside the uni, lectures were easy to understand in terms of the language for my standard.  
Most of lecturers are good at presentation skills. When I sit in front of the classroom I can clearly hear what they are saying. Sometimes I don't understand what terms the lecturers are talking about, the well designed slides will help me comprehend meanings. The lecturers will ask us some questions when a part of lectures was finished, sometimes. All of lecturers are using eye-to-eye contact skills and writing down some significant points or drawing some diagram on the white board to make their lectures easier to understand.But a few lectures are not so good at description. Sometimes they look like thinking a word to explain the terms to us. That makes lectures not very fluent.
If the full score of the lecture is 10, I think it can reach 9. Most of the slides are very clear and concise, allowing the audience to see the key points of the entire slide in the first place. In addition, lecturers use pictures or brief video to help listeners better understand the content. Lecturers are very good at giving speeches. They use some simple gestures or mood words to help the audience understand the speech. Meanwhile, lecturers make eye contact with the audience all the time to ensure the feeling of each audience. Lecturers do not need notes to remind themselves of the content of their presentations, and each lecturer's presentation is highly skilled. The notes shown to the audience are also relatively concise, so that the audience can quickly see the entire slide without disturbing the audience's attention. Of course, there are cases where the audience cannot clearly see every word on the slide due to the lecture's large classroom, lighting problems, and so on, but this rarely happens.
To be honest, Bidyut‘ speaking speed is suitful to me, so I can follow the lecture. the lecture of Law and Management of Tech is a little difficult for me because there are many new words. In the Internatinal Business,sometimes I can not understand what the lecturer said but the lecturer always engage with oour eye-to-eye in his lecture, which is very good.
I can hear all the lecturer clearly and the slides were clear enough. And the lecturer engaged with our eye-to-eye very much. Notes? they seems not using it.
First of all, I think every teacher is very experienced. Both PPT making and speech presentation are very mature. Each slide is very clear and concise, allowing students to quickly find the point. The second question is about whether the lecturer can be heard clearly. I think it is not a big problem for any experienced teacher. It is the most basic thing to ensure that every student can hear clearly. The eye contact between teachers and classmates is also very close, because teachers can read a lot from the eyes of classmates. For example: whether you understand or whether you are distracted.Teachers will also use notes, pictures and simple video to help us understand the content of the class, this will make the class more colorful and attractive.
I think all lectures are delivered very well. They use their humor and patiences to help us concentrate on their lecture. I like bidyut very much because I think his lecture is more interesting and I feel more relax in his class. Maybe it because his age is more close to us and he knows how to get our attention.
I think all of the lecture are very nice, maybe because I'm in the front position, I can hear all the lecterer clearly. I think Dr Baruah's powerpoint is the most clear one. They do engage with my eye-to-eye very much. According to my observation, lecterer who use slides don't use notes, and speakers who don't use slides use notes.
The delivery is perfect. Yes, I could hear clearly.Yes, the slides were clear.Yes, there were good interaction between students and lecturers.No, they didn't have. They showed their proficiency in lectures.
Absolutely yes, the lecture can be delivered from teacher to me clearly.I can hear the lecturer and I also sit in the first and second line of classroom, so I can listen to lecturer's voice loudly. Besides, every lecturer always makes sure that we can hear him/her. The slides are very simple and clear and I can understand them clearly.In addition, the lecturers always listen to us and look at us with eye-to-eye contacting. 
I think in this area, all of my teachers have a good job. They are so confident that they can deliver the lecture freely. They have abilities to control everything in their lecture. And they can help us engage their lecture easily by some interesting activities. And I can hear all the lectures clearly. In addition, they always engage with our eye-to-eye. And it can make me keep the focus on lectures.
Generally speaking, I think the lectures were well delivered by our lecturers. I could hear the lecturers clearly enough. The slides were clear and in a logical order. They engaged with our eye-to-eye very much during lecture, which helped us keep focusing on the lecture. And of course, they were all well-prepared before they delivered lectures to us and they all use notes.
I don't know do my teachers use notes. Absolutely, I use the note to help me to mark important points and engage my teachers with eye-to-eye in class. But I usually could not flow the class when i was doing me notes. But I think it is necessary for me to improve me skills of this aspect. In addition, i can hear the lecture and see the slides clearly. Our lecturers always speak loudly to make us hear clearly. Besides, their slides always clear and design to help us understand well.
After each class, I have mastered the main idea of the class and understood about 95% of the course content. I think the logical order of the lecturers is easy for me to accept. I hope I can also interact with lecturers boldly in future classes, which is a good opportunity.In addition, I don't think I can take notes while listening to lectures, so more often I just listen to what the lecturer has said, but occasionally I will write down the key words and then look up relevant information for further understanding when I go home.
The deliver is clear and logic.Yes, I can hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were clear. I can feel the eye contact when the lecturer delivering in the class.
Yes, of course, I can hear them clearly even if I sat in the back of the classroom. The lecturers care about students' feeling and often ask students sitting behind to confirm if they can hear clearly or not. They also use simple words as much as possible and try their best to express ideas clearly. The best thing is that all the lecturers are good at using eye contact to make sure everyone in the class can engage in lecture.
I can hear the lecturer clearly and  have the eye contact .
The lecture was delivered quite well, all the lecturers had clear pronunciation , suitable volume and detailed explanation. The slides were clear which is helpful for me to review.Every lecturer had good interaction and eye contact with us, they tried to take care of everyone and usually asked us whether  we understand what they said or have some questions.They also had some essential blackboard writing to explain something.
when I decided to pursue a postgraduate degree in uk, my parents especially my mom was very worried am I gonna have culture shock, they worried I can not understand the lecturers ' class, and I also worried about the way of teaching is very different between china and uk ,but ,when I started the journal (studying in uk), I was very surprised by the professors, they try so hard to teaching our knowledge, they want to delivered the lecture to us perfectly, they try to use simple words to explain some complicated issue to make  us better understanding.and they do a lot to make sure we in class mentally and physically, like eye contact, some jokes to drew our attention , or just do some activities ,I think we have some connected  when we in the class. 
I like Mr Noel and Dr. Bidyut 's slides. Their slides were clearly, and easy to understand. Dr. Bidyut 's lectures were good delivered by him,because he always ask us,' is it Clear?' some questions like that to make sure we understand him and can follow his lectures!
I can still recall the day that in theManagement and Marketing of Technology class the battery of mic is totally dead,so Bidyut Baruah tried so hard to shout out to get his voice heard. It is kindof funny, but I respect him for that. I do suggest him simply to change thebattery next time if it happens again. Most of the lectures are been deliveredin a good way, the idea is crystal clear, their voice is loud and clear andthey are definitely fully prepared for the lecture.  And I do like the group activities they preparedwhich would help us to understand the course better.
Lectures were all delivered well. Slides were clear and impressive and lecturers were willing to interact with students but sometimes I can not understand very well because sometimes I can not follow the speed of  lecturers.
In every lecture, the slide is clear that help us to follow the teacher's rhythm very well. A lot of keywords was shown on the slide. That is really important for us. Because there are a lot of classmates in the class, it is difficult for me to have eye contact with the teacher, but I can also see that every teacher is trying to get feedback from the students.
In an overall scale they are ok. The elements used to deliver the lectures are enough to achieve its purpose. Lecturers voice is clear and loud. Is good to be in classrooms where multimedia devices are used to support this. The only point against being in large theaters is that since there are a lot of people listening the same class, it make difficult a real student-teacher connection. 
Most courses are very good, especially the masterclass,  all aspects of it are the very clear, and about signal learn lesson is complete from mathematical formula, when it comes to how to convert between different signals, but Sensors &amp; Instrumentation this course let me confused, lecturer's voice is not big enough when sit in little room, also we heard in the classroom is not very clear, the teacher looks not so good in his body, most of the time I can only see the slides , but slides  did well, So sometimes we can't hear what the teacher  saying and guess what he's saying.
The lectures have a good clarity and detailed explanations by the lecturers make it more understandable.The technical concepts are being taught with some good case studies so we could relate it much with the real-time examples.Also, the lecturer has a very good experience on the subject so, he possesses a firm grip on to the contents of the lecture while delivering it to us making it more interactive and interesting to learn.The group activities conducted between the lectures makes us more engaged during the lecture hours.
The lecture is very good, and each lecture will cover all the information on the slides. These slides can be downloaded to view in advance, making our study more convenient. And I always have a notebook with me in every class, because in the lecture the teacher will say something that the slides do not, so the notes are very important.
Due to mylimited vocabulary, I could not fully understand a small part of the lecture.Although the lecturer had a detailed discussion, I still needed more practiceafter class.For otherfactors, I will discuss one by one.Listening:most of the classroom is huge, like amphitheatre, but each lecturer teachingusing the microphone. It is only occasionally interrupted by the whispereddiscussions of other students.Lecture:most of the lecturers have no notes because most of the theories are easy tounderstand, but they will actively participate in the explanation andsupplement it appropriately.
The lecture is good. Except Sensor and Instrumentation, I can hear all lecturers clearly. I think it may caused by the lecturer's health. He looks very sick. But after he used microphone, he solved this problem. The lecturers  often engage with us eye-to-eye. They would notice our expressions, and ask us whether understand what he said. They always use slides, but sometimes they may write some notes in the blackboard. 
The lectures for ""Management &amp; Marketing of Technology"" are very clear and well delivered, with the lecturers opting to use microphones to project their voice across the lecture theater. This is good because some lecture theaters are too large and it can be difficult to hear the lecturer from a distance.Most of the lectures are well presented with Powerpoint presentations with smooth transitions to the next slide, and the slides are immediately available on the VLE. ""International Business"" uses a mix of Powerpoint and Word, the former being a great way to present lecture material but the latter is hard to read and mainly serve the lecturer as opposed to the students.All the lecturers maintain good eye contact with the students when they teach a lecture, good meaning they help include everyone in the lecture and this helps the students to engage, especially when a student asks a question directly to the lecturer.
I think the  lecture is very effective. When the lecture is lecturing on the stage, we can see clear slides, we can hear their voices clearly, and we can feel their charm. They will use body language, make eye contact with us, and keep humor and humor.
Usually lecturers  explain the main points on the slides very clearly, and they often ask the students in the back if they can hear them clearly. During the lecture,they could scan the room,  make eye contact with the audience. And when a group discussion is needed, they will come up to us and ask for our conclusions and give some advice.
All the lecture present the material in a clear and logical sequence and cover the subject matter adequately.All the lecturers demonstrate  an expert knowledge in their subject.Yes,i can clearly hear the lecturer voice and slides are also very clear about what they are demonstrating.Yes their contact with us obvious and clear with some good engaging activities specially john and Joanna has good engaging skills with students.i didn't see any notes because their slides are very clear and effective so we can easily understand what they want to say and what they want to deliver .
The lectures were well covered and delivered. At the beginning of the term I usually have the issue of hearing some of them very well as they seem to talk very fast and of course the accent was not much familiar. Now I can say that I very familiar with their talking styles.All lecturers teaching me make use of very clear slides and they engaged with eye-to-eye contact a lot. I have never seen anyone of them with notes. It's usually from the brain alongside power point slides.
it can be seen from the slides that all the slide is prepared well. Since my program do not have any student. Therefore, we have lectures in small classroom. So, everyone could hear clearly during the lecture. Normally, the student focus on listening to the lecture, the main content is included in what lectures talking about. The slides works as a teaching assistance but they are still quiet clear. All the lecture are all quiet familiar with what they taught because they have research topic in these field. Therefore, they do not need notes.
Yes, the speaking speed of the lecturer is appropriate. Some lecturers have clear slides. You can even learn on it by yourself. They will confirm that you are followed by eye contact. They are familiar with knowledge so I don't see anyone using notes.
Every teacher’s lectures are perfect, and the prepared slides are also very clear and easy to understand. The teacher will give a speech to each knowledge point and combine it with some examples to help students understand the course content more quickly and accurately.
In the case of DSE class, I think that each slide is very clear and very attractive to me. Every view is logical and also focuses on interaction with the audience.
Sure, a clear lecture is very important for audience, thus, clear voice and PPT is necessary.  And eye contact is also important element in the lecture, it is helpful audience attention and it is expression of performance.
The lecturer speaks very clearly, the colour and the content of the slides are appropriate, and there is no discomfort in direct contact with the eyes. There are also references when cite something, and the overall feeling is very suitable.
I think most lectures were delivered smoothly.Except this week’s enterprise lecture. We wasted some time in that lecturebecause something went wrong with the audio equipment in the classroom, and wehave to watch the TED video on our laptop finally. I can hear the lecturer clearly in most lecturesbecause many lecturers use the microphone to help us hear them clearly. But I can’thear the lecturer clearly in recent two week’s law classes. the two guest lecturersdidn’t use the microphone while their voice are not loud enough. I think most of the slides are clear, exceptthe last slides in this week’s Marketing of Technology class. There are toomany word in a page, and the size of word is too small, so I can’t see themvery clear.I think most of the PPT are attractive, becausethere are many bright pictures and clear roadmaps and structure diagram in them. Yes. They sometime use the notes to helpthem do the lecture, but usually they don’t use that.
Professor Jhon, Issitt I heard very well because he speaks loudly. He didnot use slides. He has used Microsoft Word. He was engaged with eyes-to-eyescontact. He has not used notes yet.Noel Jackson, I have heard well too. Because I seat in front of theprofessor in the second row. His slides are clear. He also is engaged witheyes-to-eyes contact. He has not used note in his lectures yet. Tony Ward, I could not hear very well because as I said before theclasses was very big. His slides were clear. And he is engaged in eyes-to-eyescontact. He has not used note in his lectures.Bidyut Baruah, I have heard very well, and he often asked us if we couldhear him well. His slides are clear. He used eyes-to-eyes contact. He did notuse notes in his presentation.Joanna North, I heard her clearly because she spoke loudly. Like professorBarua she also asks saying Could you hear me? Her slides are clear. She isengaged in eyes-to-eyes contact. She did not use notes in class.
I think our lectures are all very good. Lecturers would  check that whether students at the back of the classroom can hear his or her voice at the beginning of the lecture every time. Also, the content of slides are very so clear that we can easily find the main points and the size of font is suitable. Additionally, lecturers are all willing to have interactions with us and I think they are all approachable.
Law for engineering management:I could not hear the lecturer clearly during the week two because we had lecture in the central hall which is too big to hear clearly.The slides were clear.Sometimes the lecture failed to engage with my eye-to-eye very much.Marketing of Technology:I could hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were also clear.The lecture always engaged with my eye-to-eye very much.Management of Technoloy:I could hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were also clear.Sometimes the lecture failed to engage with my eye-to-eye very much.International Business:I could hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were also clear.The lecture always engaged with my eye-to-eye very much.Enterprise:I could hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were also clear.The lecture always engaged with my eye-to-eye very much.Strategy Management:I could hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were also clear.The lecture always engaged with my eye-to-eye very much.MSc Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses:I could hear the lecturer clearly and the slides were also clear.The lecture always engaged with my eye-to-eye very much.
The lectures were really well delivered and the presentations were good, maybe one thing that i would improve would be the number of presentations from the students by making more of then, even though, this is just the beginning.
tutor always speak loudly and clearly, and the power point slides are clear as well, and tutor always asked us some questions and have many eye to eye connect.  I think they had do enough preparation before the lecture, that is why they do not need take the notes.
Personally,I think the lectures were delivered very well.I can clearly hear and understand what the lecturers said.The slides were always clear.If i did't catch the lecturers,I would look at the slides that can help understand what the lecturers said.They did't use notes in the lectures.
Absolutely yes! The lecture was delivered in an understandable way except the course of  Law for Engineering Management. The lecturer sometimes spoke so quickly that I couldn't catch with him well. But I felt it impolite to interrupt him. I have a litter confusion about this course.The voice of lecturers are so loud and suitable that I can hear them clearly. In addition, the engage with my eye-to-eye very much. They are all patient and humorous.Last but not least, I feel a little trouble in notes. I hope the lecturers can take down some important notes on the blackboard.
The lecture delivered very well. The slides are very clear and I can hear the lecturer very clear. I always focus on them.
I think the teachers are very good at all the lectures. All of them speak loudly and clearly during the class, as well as they always have a look of eye contact. Besides, almost all teachers use courseware to let student understand deeply. But, i have an advice that i hope in law of engineering management, teacher could tell us the content of next class in advance, so that student could preview, because i think law is a little difficult, and there are many glossary in course. I hope i could follow the teacher’s lectures all the time instead of constantly checking the words. So, that's only a small suggestion in my opinion.
Yes, I can hear the lecturer clearly, even some words I don't know what the meaning perfectly, but I still can understand what lecturer want to deliver. However some lecturers' slide have too much contents, which is difficult to get the key points sometimes. 
Our teacher always give us a lecture which with logical content, moderate speaking speed and clear voice. this week the main task of course Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses is about the presentation skills, and I think our teachers are the best model for us.
The effect of each lecture is very good, and the lecturer can be clearly heard anywhere in the classroom. At the same time, clear slides help students better understand the content of the lectures. I most admire that each lecturer does not need to use any notes during the lecture. They use rich body language and detailed preparation to show how to complete a perfect presentation.
The speaker performance is very nice.I can hear the lecturer clearly.But I think the sildes can add more information about the course content because some student they can review by the slides. Yes,we have the same opinion and they also use the notes.
I think the lecture was delivered in a wonderful way. I could clearly hear what the lecturer said even when I sat in the last row. In the same way, I could see the slides clearly when I sat at the any position in the room. And in account of the two big projections in the front, it was comfortable to see the slides. In conclusion, everything is perfect in the lecture.
After listening to these five weeks, I can almost hear the content of the speech clearly, and all the presentations about the slides are also very clear. However, there is too much content in the course, and there will be some new words and professional nouns. For example, in Law for EM, I cannot concentrate on the whole class. Therefore, I should make adequate preparation before attending the lecture.
Most of them is accessible but some of them can hardly to understand what they are talking about. For example, the lecture of Law of Business (cause every lecture has different teacher to give, hard to adjust). The slides and the eye-to-eye connection is pretty well.
In response to the questions raised by us, they can always answer clearly and concisely，and give us their clear views about that. For some open questions, they will analyze for us first and provide one or two suitable suggestions for references. Some lectures, such as Dr. North, who is together with us in Strategies and Operations Management on Friday, often provide the suggestion with the examples of actual situation in work or life. I really like that.
They are very friendly people and will takeour questions seriously.
BB, I have asked BB about the differences between marketing mods and 4ps. He patiently told me about their differences.NJ, when I listened to other people's questions, Professor NJ reacted very quickly, and seems like that there would be no problem that would stump him.TW would encourage students to ask questions and answers are easy to understand.JI is very, very patient and will encourage students to go through even they are not fluently in speaking English.JN listens very clearly, and answers clearly.
I think the teachers answer our questions quite well.As for other students' questions, most of the teachers repeat the questions, which may be quite useful. This behaviour can make me quite clear about the question. After their answer, students can also ask more if they do not understand the answer.As for my questions, i think teachers are quite patient and give me some useful answers and more help about my questions.
Instructors generally arrange Q&amp;A sessions at the end of the class or after the course content ends. Everyone can put their own problems on the spot and get answers. If time is limited or the problem needs to be discussed in depth, the teacher will continue to explain under the class.
Actually, I did not have questions. But our group had some questions in our plan. They are kindly to help us and tech us how to be better than before.
They are very responsible and will explain my problems to me. 
Lecturers are happy to answer the questions, on the other hand, they thirst to be asked.So far, I don't feel any problems about answering questions, I am happy about that.
To be honest I didn't ask them questions for many times. But when I ask them questions they explained it to me very clearly and logically. And they are very patient for all the students even if they are asking questions in the class. 
Very much satisfied with the answers that I got from them.
Absolutely good! Sometimes I had some points that cannot be understand better, I would raise my hands and lecturers always help me resolve those difficulties as soon as possible, I can feel their enthusiasm and positive attitude, which make me impression. 
The teachers will ask questions at the end of the class. Students usually have few problems. If any issues are raised, the teachers will give definite answers. The teacher is very polite and always says thank you to the questioner. This is also an essential habit in our future presentations.
every lecture has Q&amp;A time. every time we ask the questions, the lecturer would appreciate the question at first (i think it is an encouragement for more and more of us to ask), and whether the questions are simple or complicated, the lecturer would give the patient answer. sometimes, I ask questions after class, they behave kind and pleasure to answer any questions you mentioned.
They are very patient to answer the question of the classmate.
When lecturer answer our questions , they are patient and full of passion, they can explain their thoughts , and then answer the questions whether the question is sample or complex. 
International Business: GoodManagement and marketing of technology: GreatLaw for Engineering management: ExcellentMSc Personal Effectiveness and masterclasses: NiceStrategy management for EM: Lovely
All of them are friendly and patient. Once I asked some questions about the method of  postgraduate study, my tutor explained it in detail and recommended some bibliographies, which helped me a lot.
Every lecturers are happy to answers ours questions, we can get what we want after answering the questions. 
I think their answers are not very clear, may be the reason is that it can not be prepared previously.
When we ask questions in class, if they don't hear clearly, they will ask again. If they hear clearly, they will repeat the questions loudly with their classmates, so that other students can understand the problem.Then, they will analyze the questions, explain them, give reasons, and answer them in combination with what they have learned in class. After answering, they will ask the questioner and other students if the answer is satisfactory.When I ask them questions in private, when I ask them a question, they will make it more specific, and then answer me in detail and concretely, at the same time, they will remind me of the relevant knowledge points.
When there is a problem, please ask the teacher, the teacher will be very patient to help you answer the question, first confirm your problem, and then help you answer the question through the content case explained in the class.
After each lesson, the lecturer asks us if there is something we don't understand, a question we don't understand or a question we want to discuss. When students finish asking questions, the lecturer responds immediately. If he don't hear it clearly, he'll  ask to repeat it or say it in a different way to make sure it's true. And then he'll have the answer.And he can make sure the student gets the answer at the end.
Lecturers are will to answer every question. Sometimes the clear answer could help me to know the real meaning of the knowledge.
They could answer our questions clearly, timely and they could always gave us instructive feedback if we asked by sending e-mail.
They will answer my question, whether it is the form of the class question or the form of the mail, they will explain my problem to me as much as possible. Even if my question is not very worthwhile, I can get the answer.
They tried to answer each students who asked question in detail.
: If we have any question, all the professor were willing to answer our question immediately and they were very be patient during that period.
International business : The tutor of International business is really kind and he always wishes to answer our questions. When our students raise some interesting questions, he always praises us and he is patient enough to answer our questions until we understand it.Management and marketing of technology : In this course, Noel always do the interaction with us, he always raise questions for us and wish students answer the question. Noel is the most patient teacher from my point of view, and I have sent several emails to him to ask some technical problems, he replies the email as quick as possible. And every email could answer my question efficiently. Bidyut deals with my questions more efficiently compared with other teachers. He always answers my question directly and gives some suggestions to me. If necessary, he will show me the evidence of why I should do some thing like he suggest. I do appreciate Noel and Bidyut always reply my email as soon as possible and their email do solve my problem, sometimes they even give me some advice without ask. They have a great sense of responsibility as a teacher.Law for engineering management : The course is really special, and every class we will have different teacher to teach us. The professional lawyers are patient enough, they reserved around half an hour to answer our questions every class. They are really professional and answer the questions with some key points. Personal effectiveness and masterclasses : The course is much easier than the others. Therefore, we hardly have difficult questions. During this class, some basic tools' function will be showed and some skills such as presentation and references have been showed. We do have some questions about the details, the details are pretty troublesome. But Bidyut has enough patients to answer the details carefully.Enterprise : Noel and Bidyut have given us enough instructions, and when we have some problems about arguments in our group business plan, I always ask advice from them. After carefully consideration, they will give me some advice. For example, we have four options of products and we select one of the products, but after asking the advice from Noel, we change our product.Strategy management : North is pretty accessible, the smile can always be found from her face. I have sent the email to her about some worries of my future career, and she has given me some advice. During this course, she wishes us to be more active and ask some questions. She always answers the question with some possible solutions. She does answer the question efficiently.
First of all, lecturer describ your question wheather is good and give you a right direction. Secondly, when we have some questions about what i cannot understand, they use some  examples and compare with a opposite point to clarify them. After being explained by this way, i can have a better understanding. 
They can answer our questions correctly and comprehensively ,and they can also give us more information about questions.
Basically，i use two ways. One is ask in the class, but sometimes i feel shy.Second, i will use email. Every teacher answer the question in aspects and give some points i need to consider further on.
They listened to our questions patiently and gave detailed answers.
There are some questions that will help you in class. If the time is not enough, the teacher will help you answer the questions after class, until you really understand. They are very patient.
They are all very patient. I mean they can understand my questions and explain it to me .In a word , I can get the answer that I want .
I seldom ask question but lecturers are always glad to answer our questions and every students asking questions they would repeat their question to make sure we are understand.
Teachers often ask questions to get our feedback. The questions we ask are often not understanding the content of the lectures. The lecturers will patiently explain to us the incomprehensible definitions or questions. Their answers are very specific and detailed.
In class, they always answer our questions efficiently and quickly which can solve our problems in most occasions. Sometimes, I ask the lectures some questions by email which are also ansewed quickly.
I am so sorry I have not asked any questions so far. Because I am not confident in my spoken English
Briliant! Every lecturer was willing to answer the question asked by students although they hardly answered questions.
Every time the students raised any question or suggestion, the teacher would show a happy expression, which indicated that the teacher was willing to let the students actively participate in the class discussion, and each teacher would explain the question or give comments in detail until the students understood and accepted.
I think this is a redundant problem. All my lecturers are very pleased to answer our questions. I and my friends sometime may ask questions after class, they all answered very well.
I prefer to discuss questions with  group members, but according to my observation, all of the lecturer answersd the students' questions seriously.
Very patient and professional. they figured out my questions every time.
In fact, there are always some questions by someone when the lectures are finished. If we ask some questions to lecturers in the class, the lecture will answer them carefully and clearly even though after class time.
They always answer my questions. I think it is useful, they are happy and kind to answer my questions. It encourages me to ask more questions in the future. And relying on these questions, I can understand the knowledge deeply.
All the questions I asked them were answered patiently and properly by them. I was very satisfied with it.
Not good.
Our lecturers are very careful to understand our questions and make explanations, and they are also very attentive to our ideas although sometimes we fail to understand the assignment requirements.
Whenever a student has a question, they will hear the question carefully and offer the answer immediately, helping students to solve the problem.
Actually, I didn't ask any questions during the lectures. I have asked John questions after class, we had a brief discussion and he also patiently answered my question. As I observed it in the lectures so far, the lecturers could solve the problems that raised by the students during the lectures.
Students can answer the questions well, even the questions is not cover in the lecture they can answer like professional.
They were patiently listened what I said and responded actively. It seems that they are happy to help us solve problems.They normally confirmed over and over again whether I understood.
they all try to answer my questions perfectly, and they always asking us do we have any questions ,do we understand what they said, I think they all try to help us to do better in our study.
I think Dr.John did very good in answer questions,because he always gave some examples.
Yes, I got the straight answers for themost of times. Our teachers, even the guests from the law firm, are patient andmindful when answering my questions. Enlighten by the pros are much moreefficient than doing all the blind digging by oneself.
They were very patient to hear to me although my English speaking was not good. After that, they would answer my questions and make me understand as much as possible.
After class, the answer to the question is very detailed. But I couldn't ask questions on email. On this aspect, I couldn't give feedback.
Very well. My questions so far have been successfully answered with more than a no/yes answer. I feel confident to ask my doubts knowing that they will get an honest answer.
I only asked for few times when introduction of communication, there were good responses, and perfectly sovle the problem, if  can provide more information about the process of each pracitcing and note, will be better to me.
The lecturers are friendly and easily approachable. The doubts are clarified then and there and they are really helpful.
In fact, I think every teacher has a good teaching experience and has told me everything before I had questions. Even when the questions are presented, the teacher will answer them patiently and work with us to solve the problems. I think it's serious and responsible
Lecturerpositive reply to my question, such as change the example to explain. But Istill do not understand it, because I have never learned anything like thatbefore. Therefore, I need more practices after class.
They are very patient and careful  to answer my question. They never feel bored to repeat what he have said in the lecture. Sometimes we could ask some question not very related to the lecture, they still answer these as well. If the questions the can not answer right now, they will answer them in other time.
I've not had the need to ask any questions during a lecture, but whenever I have enquired about a certain topic to a lecturer they have been more than happy to provide guidance.
When we have questions and ask them, they always use their knowledge to help us solve our doubts.
They will be very patient to answer for us, and try to express clearly.
All the lecturers are very cooperative in responding our questions in a more effective way and they try to answer briefly with some practical references.So,things getting easier for us and we can understand easily.
I did not have any questions but they were answered well for people that asked.
To the best of their ability
The will answer my question patiently and provide detailed answer to my question. In addition, they explain the question clearly.
They answer questions by always using the answer that suitable for students. They are using simple words instead of complicating things.
When I encounter a problem and need a teacher to solve the problem, the teacher will explain it patiently, explain it to me in a very easy-to-understand language, and give some examples to help me understand the problem.
Every question will be answered. If there is no way to reply immediately, it will also give you contact information to solve the problem.
If some questions are easy to solved, they will rely quickly, but if some questions is hard to say, they never say they don't know or refusal, they will  try to solve the problem after lecture.
When we have problems, they are willing to help us and teach us how to solve the problem. They are all nice and warm-hearted.
I haven't asked the lecturers any questions yet,but I found that they usually can answer other students’ questions clearly inthe class. Once，a student asks Dr John Issitt abouthow to communicate with a people from other culture, and gives him two options.After Dr John clearly understood the difference between the two options, he answersthe question for the student and give reasons to him and shows us an exampleabout how to get along with foreign people. I also get clear about thatquestion because of his answer.
Jhon  Issitt   responded good  my questions. Noel Jackson also respondedgood my questions. Tony Ward not responded good my question. I imagine that hedid not understand my question well. Bidyut Baruah responded good my questions.Joanna North responded good my questions too.
They were patient enough to answer my questions and they explained the answer specifically.
Law for engineering management:goodMarketing of Technology:goodManagement of Technoloy:goodInternational Business:goodEnterprise:goodStrategy Management:goodMSc Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses:good
They clarified very well my questions with examples and real cases.
if I have any question, they will give me a clear answer, and they always help me actively.
I think the lecturers are welcomed us to ask questions and they will do their best to answer us.I could understand after they answered.
During or after class, if I have some confusion about the content and ask the lecturers, they always reply to me patiently and patiently.
In the lecture, we usually ask some questions about it. The lecturer is very patient and he would answer our questions clearly every time.
Frankly speaking, every teacher is very serious which means they will teach you things according to what they know. If i ask some questions that they don't know well, they will tell you directly they are not sure, and then explore it with students after class. Therefore, i really admire their teaching attitude.
Very great. They answer the questions specifically and ensure students understand totally.
After each class, there will be special time for us to ask questions. The teacher always encouraged us to ask questions, and I think it's a good way to really understand the knowledge we learned in class. Another important point is our teacher will repeat those questions before answering them. I think this is quite consideriable, because not everyone can hear the questioner's question clearly.
After each lecture, the lecturer will answer the questions raised by the students. They will usually answer each question patiently and be more detailed.
They will listen carefully and give very detailed answers,and if I still do not understand they will explain further, which I think is very good.
I think they were very sincere with our questions and always answered the questions in detail. Every time when they finished the lecture, they were ready to answer all the questions from us.
They repeat the question so that others know what the question is about. Second, they will answer questions patiently and will continue to explain if I don't get it. This is very useful for me because I can be more impressed.
I think it may well, actually I did not ask a question yet, but I heard they answer other students question is good.
When I give a talk, firstly, I will identify a clear goal and theme, collecting enough relevant materials and references to do a good job of preparation. Then I think a logical presentation around this identified topic is really important. Secondly, in the speech, it is necessary to make full use of slides as well. Because it will help me to present the content to the audience more intuitively and effectively. I will keep paying attention to my own volume and keep an eye-to-eye connection during the talk. Finally, I will draw a reasonable conclusion and set a time for questions and answers. 
I think I learned a lot of presentation skills in my lecturer. I hope that I can be more confident and have eye contact with the audience. I should keep smiling to make sure that my voice can be heard by all the audience. I should make sure that the content on my slide is as simple and clear as possible.
1.    clear outline2.    speak loudly3.    clear voice4.    body language5.    stabding point6.    logical slides7.    eye contact8.    answer the question patiently 
Ithink I learn too much about how to give a talk from our lectures and ourteachers. There are four main points below:1. Smoothvoice: I think when people do presentations, they need to use smooth voice inorder to make your audience listen clearly.2.  Usehumor: Several proper humor can attract audience’s attention.3. Somegestures: Using some gestures is good for audience to understand yourpresentations, such as pointing some key points. Also, eye contact is veryimportant. Lectures should look at their audience and do not only look at theirslides or floors.4. Goodslides: Using some basic slides is very useful. It is better to not so manywords. Visualizations are also important.5. Answerquestions: when you answer someone’s questions, it is better for you to repeatthe questions again in order to make the questions more clear.
I think the most crucial part of the speech is to convey the intention clearly and vividly to the audience. The premise is that you must catch everyone's attention at the beginning of the speech, attract their attention and continue to do so. This is what I learned from Joanna. I use the game or interesting stories as a primer to lead the topic. I believe this is very effective. Appropriate use of physical presentations or videos can be used when expressing the main content, which will adjust the atmosphere and ease the tired audience. I think that a lot of slides or text explanations have no effect, and even cause disgusting audiences. Because this is very boring, when the audience is bored, they will divert attention. This is the experience I have learned through my recent studies and I hope I can do it well.
In lectures, I learned how to link one part to the other part and I focus in their description. Such as using connecting words and how to describe the main point in few sentences. Some lecturer used the powerpoint in lecture, but some use the word document. Both kinds of  presentation are normal and clear. But I think how to find a good case in different topic is the most important thing which I need to learn. Because they are some assignments, I want to use some example inside to support or reject my points.
1. Body languages  2. Eye contract  3. To prepare the notes.
I feel I learn some skills for lecturers, I will try to use body language and eye contact. Standing in front of the desk and show your confidence. And pratice pratice and pratice.
not too much words on the slidespractice more before the presentationuse some examples to support your ideahave some gesture when we giving the presentationdo more research to prepare the presentation
Their presentation skills and maybe try and use some of their humor skills as well.
There are three factors that I have learnt from our lectures and I will practice, practice,practice....First of all, logical lecture is really really really important! That people can understand very well during lecture is the first point, nobody likes to hear a lecture with confused and unordered. This is the most element in one presentation. I will pay more attention to my logicality in the future presentation.Secondly, body languages and contacting eye-to-eye are also necessary, I mean interaction. If lecturers stand at the same site and no body languages, audience will feel too boring to stay here. If lecturers do not make some interaction, which like it is just an action for his/her own and audience cannot get some attentions.Finally, practice is really important and everyone do not want to hear a lecture with long stop or repetitive words. A fluency and coherent lecture could bring a fresh feeling during a presentation.So, if I need to prepare a presentation, I will make a cool slide and practice a lot. In this way I can get a success in my presentation.
What impressed me most was the International Business course I mentioned several times before. I think the teacher's presentation can serve as a standard for my personal presentation. The teacher's voice is loud and clear, and the tone is rich. This may be difficult for a student whose native language is not English, but I will try to challenge it. With abundant examples and coordinated body language, we can focus on the content of the teacher more quickly. Perhaps a bit of a fly in the ointment is that the teacher's slides are not perfect, lacking some graphics and a more visual explanation. Everything else is worth learning.
I do learn from the lecturer that when we give a talk, all we have to do is to try our best to improve our audiences' engagement. Such as eye contacts with your audience should often be made in that audiences will feel they are cared for by the speaker, body languages like confident gestures and happy face are important to getting the message across. Also, you can walk around to give explanations to the illustrations you have posted on the slide. In addition, when we are doing the presentation, we can use signposts and suitable pause and avoid using hard academic terms frequently. Too much academic terms will let the listeners feel boring and be reluctant to pay attention to what you are talking about.During the time you give a talk, jokes and little quiz can make a close connection with your audience, and when you receive their feedback, you will feel relaxed and enjoyable which is helpful to keep going.
Rich facial expressions and body language, changing tone of voice, eye contact, clear logical order and organizational structure, clear purpose of presentation.
There are so many things I can learn from observing their delivery , such as how to get eye-contact with your audiences, how to interact with them . As well as how can we organize our words. One important thing is that we should be confident .
Based on what I have learned and learned, I will use eye contact, body language, and clear logical PPT presentations to more fully demonstrate what I want to say. In addition, I will use humour and rewards appropriately to attract more audience attention.
In fact, most of my body language in my speech was learned from my lecturer. And the most important thing I learned, and what I haven’t done well yet, is eye contact. I hope that I can be brave enough to face all my audience and observe the reaction of what they are saying. I am now learning to work hard to do this.
When give a talk, I hope to be confident enough to have my eye contact with the audiences.  All the lecturers are so confident to talk in front of so many people. I used to have some talks before some audience, but I was so nervous to talk loudly, my voice is also seems a little shake that time. I think what I need to do is to prepare more before the talk. Also, practice make the perfect, i think the more presentation i give in front of the audience, the more confident I will be.
I have learned from other lecturers the the powerpoint is very important. If lecturer organize their ppt carefully and seriously and using brilliant illustrations, people can focus more on the presentation. Conjunctions can not be used very frequently, because it will make your presentation unnatural, the words used in presentation can be verbal rather than too formal.The accent is better avoided in the presentation.
The first thing is speaking out my mind bravely. There are some people in the class always ask teacher questions and they are good at speaking, which makes them more confidence to do that. As a result I should practice my speaking skills. The next is the eye contact with the audience. Because you can see whether they understand what you are talking about. Another one is having enough body language, this will help me to explain what I want to transfer more clearly. Besides both of them can also help me relieve anxiety. At the same time, be interesting at the beginning of the speech,which is able to catch the eye of others so that the audience can follow suit. The last thing is using right volume, this is to make sure all the audience can hear what I am saying.
First of all, I will study the presentation skills in the classroom. The teacher lectures like a presentation. The teacher's physical movements, language logic, eye contact, and the main content of the lecture are all lectureable skills that can be learned. Secondly, the content of the teacher's lecture is also a way to help us enrich our knowledge and improve our professional skills.
1.Use a humorous tone or example occasionally to liven things upland once to focus the audience and deepen their understanding of the speech.2.Share my own story or use myself as an example to start a conversation.3.Don't hesitate to answer questions and have a simple conversation with with the questioner.4.Have naturally coordinated body language such as body movements, gestures,eye contact and smiles5.Ask the audience questions, but don't force them to answer them.6.If I have slides, keep them simple, and don't only read the prepared slides.7.The content should be logical and organized, so that it is not only clearer to speak by itself, but also easier for the audience to understand.
I think the most important thing in my presentation is interact, such as eye contact and ask some question. Besides, the body language is significant. The open body language would show your confidence. I think it would prove that you have already prepared very well.
While I making the presentation, I will try to start with a relevant story or joke to get every audience involved into the topic and obtain their attention, then I will move to the main part. Suitable interaction will be really helpful, so I will try to ask some interesting questions to audience to make them concentrate and relax. I have noticed the PowerPoint slides can be very important, in that case I will use suitable easy and appropriate colour instead of  complicated colour to make the whole PowerPoint looks clearly and logically.
When I give a talk, firstly, I should put myself into my audience's shoes, so I will consider my audience, what they want to know. Using my own word to explain the difficult definition，giving example to make my presentation that can be understand easier and more clear.Secondly，I should organize my structure and content, making my audience can follow me. Besides, I have to be confident, even if I'm so nervous.Thirdly, I will take smile in my speaking and use my body language that can attract people.Always keeping eye contact, open palm, asking my audience that whether they can hear me. Actively answering questions from the audience.
I will learn from them a serious academic attitude and optimistic mind. I will enrich my body language and make more eye contact with my audience. And remember to get ready for my speech and practice a few more times in advance.
: Before I take from the lecturer, I will think about the content of lecture and collect professional knowledge. In addition, when I make the slides, I will give evidence to support all my opinion, which can make my lecture more professional and persuasive. I will practice how to use body language and attract audience's attention before I give a lecture.
I have seen many types of the presentation, some of them given by teachers can be really interesting, but most of them given by our students can be boring or terrible. Therefore, we should learn the useful presentation skills via observing our teachers presentation. As I have to listen to many lectures given by teachers every weekday, I found teachers use the presentation skills into the lectures skillfully. Firstly, you should be confident and ensure your voice can be heard in the whole class. Teachers always calm and confident, but our students can be really nervous when giving the presentation. So, we should do more practice before giving the presentation.Besides, teachers always do the interaction with us and the eye contact can be found anytime. The body language should be open and we should not do some impolite behaviours, such as clicking fingers, pointing fingers, hands in pocket or in the back and folded arms.Additionally, link between each section should be found. Before starting a new section, we should do a brief conclusion and introduce the new section.Finally, the space of the presentation is really important, and you should always put a smile face to the audience. We should make sure the audience can keep up with us and when they have questions for us, we should rephrase the question to other audience and answer the question, then check whether the questioner satisfied about the answer, finally we should thanks them.If we can pick up these presentation skills skillfully, we can do better in our presentation part.
I learn that i should keep confidence when giving a presentation, including speaking loudly, keeping eye contact with audience, smiling as well as using body language. Even if you do not well in your presentation content, you can attract audience by your confidence. Besides, you need to be familier with your ppt or draft and practise it again and again, ensuring that you can speak fluently.
I will take notes every advises from my lecturers and group mates.Think about myself about my drawbacks and  promote myself
pay more attention in:1) clear structure for presentation2) great body language, eye contact , tone , speaking speed...3) high quality of context.4) observe the audience, i mean does everyone can understand what i said ,if they not, i need to change a way to explain.
What I learned from the lecturers was that what I am going to say should be logical, fluent, clear.And I should be confident and decent in  speech , and my voice should be heard by everyone.It's best to be able to interact with the audience.
First of all, I have to learn their confidence. Then I have to learn their movements and sounds to make me look natural. I have to be as prepared as they are. And have patience with the person asking the question.
I can mimic the lecturers when I do presentations . I learn how to use eyes to communicate with others and use some words to make the presentation become humor . Besides , I can learn how to make good slides and show my topic clearly . 
I think the first one is confidence.Once you have confidence you can be a good speaker but I also learn some thing from the lecturers and my recent presentation that you could be confident without practice and well-prepared. Practice the pronunciation and try to be familiar with your draft then you can improve other aspects such as make eye contact and use some humor to transfer atmosphere.
What I most want to get is the ability to speak. Because my spoken language is not very good, I hope that I can speak fluently and clearly in the speech, so that everyone can understand the information I want to convey.
I think the best thing I need to learn from lecturers is confidence. I don't have stage fright, which is the most important thing for me to improve. Since English is not my first language, I can't speak English confidently. When I give a speech, the audience is very large and strange, so I will be very nervous and uncontrollable shaking, which will cause me to forget my words and so on, affecting the quality of my speech.After this week's Personal Effectiveness and Masterclass module workshop, I learned that when making a PPT, I should pay attention to not showing too much text on each slide. And I should use pictures related to the content of the speech to help the audience understand the content of the speech more easily.
There are some good tips I can study from the lecturerlogicality: lecturer attach improtance to the order of classLink: such as'move on to' et.hand gesture: it can give people a comfortable feeling and attract people' attentioninteraction:lecturers often contact with students adn sometimes contact with eye .
Dr Bidyut Baruah had showed us how to make a wonderful presentation at MSc Personal Effectiveness and Masterclasses, and the next day, in the lecture of International Business, John randomly picked out students to make a small presentation about specified topics. They both showed us how to make a wonderful presentation. I conclued these points: use your hand guesturesmake eye-to-eye contactfacial expressions manage voice level sometimes use prompts if unpractised
I think the first thing I learned from my teacher is how to complete a qualified speech. Every teacher is a very good example. Every detail from slide production to speech is very worth learning. I am very envious of every teacher's freedom on the stage, not nervous. I should learn to be confident and learn to control my nervousness.
From their lectures I learned some skiss to get attention from others. I used some questions to make my audiences get into my presentatinos and use body languages to let them know what I want to show them. Sometime I will make some jokes to make the presentation more attractive and more interesting.
I think it's important to use the slides and prepare notes. Sometimes we can use some body language and make eye contact with the audience.
Logical thinking and critical thinking I should learn from the lecturerThe interaction between audience and lecturer I also should learn.
First of all, I will learn their relaxed feelings. As for me, I will have some tensions every time when I give a speech, but the teachers can control and hide their nervous emotions so that others feel like they are very easy to show yourself. Secondly, I will learn that their voices are loud and clear.Thirdly, I will learn to watch audiences at all time, and pay attention to eye-contact, so that the audiences can understand me clearly and once they have any questions, I can notice and answer them in the first time.
This first and the most important thing for me is that I need to figure out what I want to tell the audiences. It is a very significant thing I need to know. Because if I don't know that I will have no motivation to finish it perfectly. The second one is that I need to use some methods to make the audiences understand me easily such as body language and visual tools. In addition, as a lecturer, I need to check my content at the audiences' angle.
I think their proper eye contact is one of the most valuable things I can learn from them. Apart from that, I think that using examples reasonably to explain what I am going to talk about is another thing I will take from the lecturers and use it myself when I give a talk.
The style of the presentation is my most want to learn. And I always want to learn how to do a humorous talk and how to get the attention from audiences. In addition, how to explain and express your complex opinions and research clearly and simply is very important. At last, it is necessary for us to do a deep preparation for our talks.
First, I think it's important to properly extend the short items on Power point. Secondly, through different lectures, I believe that confidence and smile are the most important in the speech, which should give the audience a pleasant and relaxed atmosphere.
Identify the purpose and objectives, consider the audience, organize the structure and content, eye contact, hand gestures, using space, movement, facial expressions, dress and appearance, voice, using objects and technology, using prompts, PRACTISE!
At first, I think the logic of the slides is essential, the slides which produced by lecturers are very logical, it helps us a lot to follow the lecturers' idea. And the body language is also required. Frequent eye contact can ensure that the audiences are engaged in the presentation, and hand gesture can attract the attention of the audiences. Besides, I found that every lecturer is confident when they present, I need to do more practices to enhance my confidence.
I can have a lot of new information from the lecture and improve the skills what I need to use in a presentation.
When given a talk, I will get much knowledge and experience from the lecturers. Besides, the slides made by the lecture and their delivery will be good resources to draw on.
actually ,I learned a lot through the lectures ,but now I have no chance to give a formal talk ,so I use those skills in my daily social, like chat with my friends ,I would have more body language than I used to be, and try to have eye-contact with my friends which a little bit awkward
but I really enjoy the progress.  
Confidence! I feel that although different teachers have different styles of speech, and the lectures given are not the same.However,one thing is that they share a common point, they are very confident. Our students are always nervous and confident when giving a talk. In this way, instead of doing a good speech, I think the first thing that needs to be learned is the self-confidence. Through full preparation, I fully believe that what I said is correct. This is the first step in making a speech.
First of all, I think that we need to be confident and stand in front of everyone. Only with confidence, the speaker can be not nervous, so that I can play well.Good body language is also important. Good body language will bring people closer to each other and make the speaker look easier.Be very familiar with what you are talking about. The teachers were able to teach the students very well during class, because they were familiar with what they were talking about, and they had a very clear framework in their minds. Therefore, before I do presentation, I need to be familiar with what I have said before I can express it clearly to others.Auxiliary tools, such as ppt/poster/word document, will show the outline directly to everyone, which can help the audience to better understand what I mean, and the picture or video can also be a good auxiliary function, at a glance. But you can't show everything you want to say on the ppt.
Proper body language and great eye contact withall people in the room will make you looks more confident and elegant. Thoroughlyprepared material, Word document or Power Point document, can help you get a bettermutual understanding on the topic between you and your audience.
Lecturers are very confidence when they give others presentation. Besides, they often use their body language and give audiences eye contact. I think I will take these from them and use myself when i give a talk.
I think that listening to the teacher can be used in my speech, the teacher and the students' eye contact, the structure of the teacher ppt is also worth learning and applied to their own ppt production.
The first and basic thing that I have learnt from them is the confidence that shows when give a lecture. I think confidence is the most important element to have when a presentation is given. The second is the domain of the topic. It shows knowledge and background in what is being presented. Third is the passion. If you have confidence and domain of the topic but the lecture lacks  passion, then it will hardly succeed. With these three elements, a talk success is possible.
Body language, speed of speech, and changes in intonation are all important, and we can learn more by watching different speakers as they talk about their priorities.
I liked the way how the lecture is being presented with clarity.Content design and simplicity.The way they get connected while making the presentation making the class lively, interactive and engaging.And the body language.
The most important thing is a serious and responsible attitude. Because every teacher will prepare lessons well before class, so will be able to perform in class. In the future, I will also experience a lot of presentations. Whether I can make a good presentation depends on whether I can master what I need to tell. Although I do not have the same profound teaching experience as the teacher, but as long as careful preparation will not play well.
Althoughstudents lecture and lecture lecturer is different, students tend to lectureto introduce a general thing, but the instructor's lecture I will appropriatereference style.Preparenotes: five or six small pages of notes, what can help me to explain logicallyand answer audience questions.Location: areasonable location for the audience to hear clearly and make eye contact withthemselves.The speedof speech: helps the audience to adapt and understand the content.
The first thing is to be confident. Whenever I need to give a talk, I must be confident. Without confidence, the talk will be a trash. Secondly, I need to do entire preparation to the lecture. I should use the PowerPoint or Prezi to make the slides. Sometimes, when I need a video to support my opinion, the video can not be too long. In the end, when give a talk, I must let all audience hear my clearly and have a good interaction with audience. 
From observing the lecturers, I will take good posture, body language, and perhaps use some humor to ease an audience when presenting a talk. I believe all the above are essential to have a successful presentation and these can help deliver theoretical and complicated information in a more relaxed yet serious environment.
When I observed the lecturers, I like their confidence. They always use body language and eye contact with audience, and sometimes they are humor. Their presentation is comfortable and fluent.
First, relax.When giving a speech, the emotions of the speaker greatly influence the audience, so it is important to keep a relaxed mood.Second, interaction.Sometimes asking the audience a question can make them think by themselves and activate the atmosphere of the speech.Finally, appropriate humor can keep people from feeling bored.
Well,i have learnt a lot of things specially in last week lecture from master class of personal effectiveness we have been discussed about presentation skills and i implement those skills in international business three minutes presentation and it was really good according to john Issitt .From Joanna i learnt a lot of things how she is working a business consultant what things are really important in communication with clients and with case studies you can help in accessing other business situation.Most important thing is speaking skills i am trying to adopt some good speaking skills by teachers how they fluently speaking in front of a lot students so these are the important things on which i am working and things are improving and i am happy with all this.
Will like to imbibe the calmness and simplicity, yet far reaching and inspiring of Dr. Baruah in his lecture or presentation delivery.
Normally, the lecture has large amount of knowledge for each student to understand especially in some difficult module. Therefore, if student wants to use these in their talk, the first thing needs to do is understanding these concept first. Then, they can be used to give a talk. In addition, if student could apply these concept the practical, it will be better.
When I was in China, I also give some guest lecture at the university. The biggest problem was that interacting with the audience is a very difficult task. Through my observations, I found that this may be related to the time and content of the lecture. I often say a lot in a lecture, but time is not enough. So, I have to say a lot of things quickly. That led to the audience confused about content and then give up to listen. What I learned is that I should try to make the content of the lecture clear enough, not too much, to ensure that the audience is easy to understand.
When I give a speech, the personal posture is simple and clean, the body language can't be rigid, the audience should be visualized, the speech speed should be appropriate, the language should be clear and clear, so that every viewer can clearly know what you want to express.
Several important points in the speech, the first must let the audience know the theme of the speech at the beginning. The second must attract the attention of the audience, such as guiding the audience in a humorous way and increasing interaction with the audience. In addition, body language is a very important key.
The body language could be study from lecturer, because it is hard for every new lecturer to do some body languages in their lecture. And some introduction skill also can be study, it is helpful to new speaker specking.
When I gave a speech, the most useful thing I could learn from the lecturer was self-confidence. The premise of self-confidence is to be fully prepared, which means that what I need to learn is how to enrich myself and how to get enough knowledge.
First. I think it’s good to add some jokesin the presentation. Sometimes, the audiences would feel bored with thecontent, and the saying some jokes related to the contents can attract the audiences’attention back to the presentation.Second. Use some body language. Sometimes,it may be hard for audiences to understand complex or professional words, usingthe body language can help them handle this problem.Third. Add some stop between different partsof presentation. It can offer myself few second to prepare for the next part, andgive audiences few second to understand.Fourth. Don’t write down too many words ina page of PPT. Cause the audience won’t read them if there are too many words.Fifth. Have some eye contact with the all audiences,and don’t always stare at one people.
Thisare some positive things that I could extract from my lecturersJhonIssitt is the level of high voice and humor in his presentation.NoelJackson is his presentation clothes and his slides because they are highly goodstructured, and slides and they have some amazing way to appear.ProfessorBaruad is body language. It is in harmony with what he is saying. He has verypolite manner to call the attention to students when they are boring in hisclass.ProfessorJhoanna is excellent motivator. For example, she gives gift winners. Also, sheis very sensible with his audience when she notices that students are tired.She used the strategy of movement. Thispositive thing, I am going to practice every day in order to have goodpresentation.
Firstly, I think the most basic thing is to keep myself relaxed and don’t be nervous. In addition, making the content of the talk interesting is also important and it is a good way to bring presentation to life. Furthermore, having eye contact and interactions with audiences also play an important role.
The first one is the body language.Some lecturers do well in body language,whcih will make people focus on his/her talk. The second one is the design of talk.Some lecturers give a talk designed in a humorous way and audiences will feel interested.Last but not least,I think some lecturers use signposting phrases during a talk,which can help audiences more from one point to next.
To be more enthusiastic and express myself more by using body language.
I will take and use the important information from lecture and I also will take the information from recommended book list, moreover, I also take some useful information by my self, and I will use all these information to improve me.
I think I will use the knowledge of how to make my slides perfect.I will pay attention to my speech such as:eye contact,To be honest, I will be nervous when i give a talk.The first thing i use is about how to overcome nervous.
The lecturer smiles and behaves confidently all the time, and during session, sometimes the lecturer could use natural humor to attract us and give us the impression of the focus points. The lecture keeps eye-contact with us and the voice is suitable as well as the speed. Last but not least, the body language and facial expression are another essential acting to attract students and scratch the attention from us. These are what I will take from the lecturer and use ourself when I give a talk. 
I have learnt a lot from the lecturer. For example, I have learnt how to do a public speaking and know the way to explain the point which I want to let the audience understand. 
Fortunately, this week i did the first English presentation in people. I was so nervous and i don't think i did this pre very well, but during the pre, I always remembered what the teacher said in class--body language. I tried my best to use my arms to move, add some hand gestures and kept smile all the time.  Of course, i can be confident to say our ppt is very logical and structural with background, main body and conclusion. Meanwhile, we also added reference after PEM class. Therefore, We got the praise of the teacher, which made us happy and confident to do next pre. I believe, next time, i could do pre better than now.
Being more confident and relaxed. Keeping smiling. Emphasizing the key points.
The first thing I learned was confidence. When you stand on the platform, all the audience will focus on you, it is difficult to completely avoid the nervous and remain the rich content and logic of what you want to express, I think it may need rich experiences. In addition, keeping a good interaction with the audience, such as maintaining eye contact with them, which can enhance the engagement of our audience. and some other skills such as some body-language, academic PPT, which are also very important to successfully built a presentation style.
I will pay more attention to my interactions with my classmates in presentation and make my presentation more humorous. At the same time, I will prepar a large number of academic articles were cited as research evidence in the slides.
I should keep my confident and pronunciation clear.I should make sure the content on  the slides is clear and easy to read,and the parts are very logical. I can use body language and humor to liven up the atmosphere of the scene when giving a speech.
I can learn a lot of things from the lecturer. First, I can learn the logical order of the presentation from them. It's important for me when giving a talk because it's the core of the presentation and will to a largr extnet influence the quality of it. Second, I can learn the talking style from them. How to present your content in a proper and interesting way is also important. Finally, I can learn some gestures from them to make my presentations more vivid.
There's a lot to learn from the speakers I've heard before. First of all, the most important thing is self-confidence. When standing on the platform, you should believe in yourself and be willing to tell the audience your ideas. Secondly, body language and eye contact are also important. When giving a speech, you can be more involved in the speech and bring your passion to the audience. Finally, of course, it is necessary to keep practicing, and mature speakers can become comfortable with each lecture only through constant practice.
1. using humour in the lecture to catch the attention of the audience.2. using body-language to make people understand you easily.3. Being familiar to the content of the lecture to make me more confident.4. Preparing times before I give a talk.5. using eye-to-eye connection with the audience.6. making a good slide.
After getting my undergraduate degree, I worked for 5 years in a top 500 construction company about oversea projects. I often encountered some problems during the work and I feel that it is difficult for me to deal with the problems using my current knowledge reserve and management skills at that time. I did realize that I need more theoretical knowledge to arm and improve myself. That is the reason why I decided to return to school and pursue a graduate degree. Now I clearly know that I am a student. Studying is my current job, so I really aspire to be a distinction grade student. I think my biggest obstacle at present is the language problem. Although I have been working in English before and my English level is relatively good among my classmates, but I still feel it is hard for me, not like using Chinese freely, when I was in lectures and studied the referenced materials by myself. Therefore, I think language will be a big challenge for my essay in the future. Secondly, compared with western classmates, I feel that I really lack innovative and critical thinking. The previous educational model and work experience have shaped my personal ability but also solidified my thoughts. For some of the current new ideas and issues, my analysis and thinking model is usually one-sided and the critical spirit is insufficient. Finally, it is the first time for me to live and study in a western country. The European countries are really beautiful and the social culture is completely different from China. In addition to my studies, I also want to visit more cities and countries during this year to broaden my horizons and increase my knowledge. Therefore, a reasonable arrangement of my personal time and how to balance my study and life is also a very important issue for me. In every growth stage, we will face different issues. I think the worries i mentioned above is probably the main problems which can prevent me from being a distinction grade student. In order to solve these problems, I need to incorporate English learning into my own study plan, increase my own word volume and reading level, consciously communicate with foreign friends, and finally strive to turn disadvantages into my own advantages. In addition, I need to improve and exercise my critical thinking constantly, participate in extracurricular activities as much as possible, pay attention to current affairs politics, actively express my views in group discussions and classroom interactions. Last but not least, plan and arrange my own time reasonably. I will be wholehearted while studying and be involved in the beautiful scenery fully while traveling. I need to include both the theoretical knowledge and social culture in my graduate study plan. Using strategy approaches ahead of time and developing practical plans, I do believe that I can properly handle these issues and eventually become distinction grade studen
I will do as much reading and in-depthinvestigation as possible to ensure the rigor of my paper. I am eager to be agood student, but I think I have procrastination. It's easy for me to getcaught up in the trouble of not having to start, for example, driving acomputer, staring at a problem, and still have no answer for half an hour. AsJoanna said, everyone's time is limited. There are many things to do. Learn toallocate and manage your time efficiently, and find the right balance betweenlife and work. But everyone is not easy to break their comfort zone. Isometimes know that there is a need to read but to watch the TV series, andthen finish the homework near the job node. This is not a good habit. Somepeople think that everyone with procrastination has a brain that is happy intime and is easily tempted by short-lived happiness. Dr. Russell Poldrack saidthat pleasure-based habits are harder to break. The brain releases a chemicaldopamine when it experiences an enjoyable behavior. I think it is a bad habitto not take notes in class. I will think about this place during class, Ishould go back and look at it, but I will quickly forget it when I go back. Isometimes affect the efficiency of class because of poor sleep quality atnight, and lose my attention because of sleepiness. Because I am not confidentand lazy, I will avoid becoming a responsible person when the team has a task.As a qualified project manager, you should have the courage to take risks. Forthe first time, I stood in front of so many people and read English. I think ittakes courage, so in order to encourage myself to bravely break my comfortzone, I bought myself a pair of shoes as a reward.
During the pre-sessional course, one day the teacher Sarah arranged a presentation assignment, which is about the part of technical review of the long report we wrote. We could choose one interested area as the research direction. The topic I chose was about the company's changing attitude towards the scandal of the explosion of Samsung note7 mobile phone.In order to make us more confident about the presentation, Sarah said that we need to practice one day before the formal presentation in advance. All the students thought that this was an informal talk between students. However, we had not realized that this is almost equivalent to the formal speech until Sarah asked us the present our project in front of all the classmates one by one. The only difference from the formal one is that there was no camera to record.At that time, we all were shocked and began to worry about it as Sarah said each presentation should last for at least ten minutes and request us move away our laptops and mobile phones. My turn was just in the middle. When it was my turn, I was particularly nervous because I didn't make any preparations for this sudden speech. I feel very embarrassed, I can only read according to ppt, and even worse, I dare not have eye contact with my classmates as it would intensify the sense of nervous and cause my brain to be blank. However, there is very little content on my ppt, so even when I finished my presentation, there were 4 minutes left. After everyone was finished, it was the turn of Sarah to summarize. Obviously, Sarah was not happy and said that she was very disappointed with our performance today because no one was fully prepared. And she hoped that we could practice more for the formal speech.After the class, I checked my ppt and decided to work out the framework of the speech. After constant revision, I finally finished the outline. Then I started to practice, because there was no audience, I had to practice in front of the mirror, it worked very well, because I could see my facial expression, and decided whether the body language is suitable for what I want to express, I even sent my friend a video call and asked him to listen carefully and give advice. Not surprisingly, on the day of the formal speech, I spoke very well (I think), because I was quite confident, rather than being nervous, I even temporarily come up with some humorous jokes to relax the audiences, I successfully finished what I want to express, I also got applause from teachers and classmates. I am very pleased.The deepest impression of that class is that we must be fully prepared before every public speaking, No one is born with the ability to delivery a speech, many people even have the fear of public speaking, but good preparation and constant practice can overcome these inner fears. Secondly, I found that if is a project that I completed independently, and I am very proud of it. I will not hesitate to express my ideas to other and hope to get their praise and recognition. Moreover, it's not just the speech itself, it is also an opportunity to impart new, interesting and creative ideas, which is also a kind of a respect for the audience.
Hi, I am Xuan Zhang. I study in University of York now andmy major is engineering management. As for me, I really want to become adistinction grade student, which I think it can be great honor in mypostgraduate study.I will take the life and study of graduate studentsseriously. There are three reasons for this. First, it should be my parents’support and trust. As you know, international students’ tuition fee is moreexpensive than native students. It is a big expense for the average family. Myparents send me to the UK to do my master study in order to expand my horizonand learn some useful knowledge. Second, I have worked for one year in Foxconnwhich belongs to manufacturing industry. From my work experience, I know anystudy opportunity should be cherished because you do not have much free time tostudy something you like when you begin to work. In my opinion, students shouldneed to try their best to finish their work and complete their degree. Last butnot least, as I mentioned before, I have worked for a year. This year is mybuffer period. I need to use this year to learn more knowledge which is usefulfor my future career. I also want to change another job and I need to get mymaster degree and it would be nice to get a distinction degree. Furthermore, except for some good factors, I have some bad habitsto prevent me to be a distinction student. First of all, I have a seriousproblem: I procrastinate something.  Ican not finish my work as soon as possible. If I have much more time, I can notfocus on my homework earlier, which I think it is the biggest problem formyself. Then, sometimes I am careless. I may forget some little things. But ingeneral, I write memos to remind myself of important issues. Finally, I may bea little lazy sometimes. I try to correct my bad habits now and I want to getgood grades of all my subjects. I can not waste my parents’ money and my owntime. I must engage myself to challenge myself.I cope with the academic work for several methods. I oftenuse so many machines such as computers and other resources to improve myabilities. For example, my analysis ability, I often use websites to look forsome information to do research when I have homework or something else. Also Iwrite some essays to practice my academic writing and critical thinking. Isearch for some books about writing skills from the library of our university.In conclusion, although I have several bad habits ofstudents, I want to change them in the next following year. I believe, if Istudy hard and try my best to improve myself, I can get good results of mymaster study.
To be honest, I very much hope to reach a distinction grade student, but I also know that it takes a lot of effort to achieve this result because the competition is very difficult and very difficult. One of my own shortcomings is procrastination, which has a great impact on my academic work, because almost all learning tasks have deadlines, and I have to complete my work within the prescribed time limit. More importantly, in the process of group learning, only everyone can complete their assigned tasks in order to complete the work of the entire group. In order not to waste the work of others, I must complete my work on time. I can say that I have done a good job so far, did not affect the team's achievements, and made my due contribution. I think that I am a person with a strong sense of responsibility, so procrastination in me and the sense of responsibility are mutually constrained. I want to be responsible for myself and the team members and must overcome the delay. In addition, I think that people's energy is limited, so we must make appropriate choices between learning and other activities. So I gave up the orchestra that joined the school. I don't think I have more energy to assign to this activity. If both things are badly affected, it is better to do only one thing. I also have some shortcomings in my study skills. I think this is very important. Learning skills can improve the efficiency of learning, but sometimes I can't figure out some of my learning tasks, such as taking notes and not finding the key points, which leads me to be affected during self-study or review. I have not found a good solution in this regard, I will continue to work hard. I believe that if I solve these problems, I will be closer and closer to a distinction grade student
I am very eager to be a good student.As far as I am concerned,I have a strong self-learning ability. I can use various learning methods to improve my learning level, have my own learning process and learning results to reflect on my habits; I can use the knowledge of different subjects I have learned. I understand the experience and skills to analyze and solve problems independently. I am diligent in thinking, dare to raise doubts, have unique insights into knowledge, have a certain spirit of innovation, and strive to pursue perfection in learning.If I want to be a good student, threes attributes can help me in my studies.Firstly, a a sense of responsibility is important for building a sound character.If I am not responsible, I 'll postpone my assignments or devote too little time to my school work.Secondly, in school life, relationships between people are valuable. Friends can bring me happiness and laughter. In addition, I can discuss problems and pursue knowledge with them.Thirdly, it is important to have a constructive philosophy of life. If I  am defeated, I could not feel disappointed. I should try to face my life and my studies with courage and determination.I think that if I can work toward these goals, I'll become a well-rounded and versatile student of being bookworm.  I believe that time management is a big challenge in my learning process.Time is fair, we have 24 hours a day, it depends on how you control the 24 hours. Within same 24 hours, some people can still run, write, read, etc. While others only do one thing but perform bad. There should be such a phenomenon in many young people.  It often happens in myself. This is because I can’t control the time, take time in my own hands, or simply don’t realize the importance of time.When I recall what I did yesterday and the week, what inspired. Then I started thinking about what I did Monday through Sunday. The answer is that the task is only a learning task, but the task is not completed efficiently. This shows that I have wasted a lot of time and lack the ability to manage time.People often say that the harder they work, the luckier they are. The blinder efforts will not only make me move forward, but also let me back. Therefore, I need to stop the ineffective efforts. The time is the same. We can't get through 24 hours a day. What we have to do is how to use these times efficiently. Our energy is limited, and our energetic time period is different. 20% of the time is the most energetic. This time period can do efficient things, 80% of things will be easier to distract. I was energetic in the morning. If I didn't sleep at 11:30 in the evening, I would have been dozing off. I tried to sleep at 12 o'clock in the evening. When I was sleepy, I went back to the computer after washing my face. After two minutes, I was still sleepy.I tried to understand that there are a lot of time management courses now, which can make a big change to our time management and completely change our thinking. It tells us how to use our time effectively, so time management is already there. If you want to grow, you must start with a time management and knowledge management system.Effective time management involves four quadrants:The first quadrant is urgently important. This type is time-critical and important. It cannot be avoided or delayed, and must be given priority. For example, negotiations on important projects, important meetings, etc.The second quadrant is not urgent, and many things have to be done in a very relevant preparation before they happen. For example, reading is important, but reading can be effective and need enough time to prepare. Many authors are able to publish books because they like writing. Writing is a very important thing for them, so they improve a little every day, and the more the article is written, the better the text quality.The third quadrant is urgent but not important. For example, a friend is playing a game and lack one player to accompany with him.It is very urgent You don't know how to refuse, but the game is not important to you. Therefore, we must learn to refuse and do something that is important to you. If you have time, read more books.The fourth quadrant is not urgent and not important. It is typical to chase, chat, and wander. This is a performance of eating and drinking. The purpose of the plan is to sort the tasks to be performed each day, fill the tasks into four quadrants, and then do it efficiently as planned.I look forward to making progress in time management.
In my academic work, it couldbe separated into two parts. One is individual work and the other is groupwork. In the individual work, I saw all information about my assignment in thisterm. After that, I ranged my schedule and decided which part I coulddo in which time. Especially, I set a deadline for myself in different part. Iwill try my best to finish that part. In group work, I try to share my ideaand advise to my group mates. After that, I try to finish mypart and help others.     Although my English is not good enough, I want to help toothers to let everyone got the best grade! I want to be a distinctiongrade student, but I am worry about my academic writing. I think that I canimprove them through practice more and more. Maybe I will not bea distinction grade student in the begging, but I will bea distinction grade student in the future.            There are some ways forme to prove my English. Firstly, I listen the TED talk without any subtitles inthe begging. Using subtitles let me focus on the word and ignore the informationthat speaker want to show. And then, I listen it again with the English subtitle.The second time help me to check that I really understand the meaning of thatlecture. It cost me plenty of time, but improving my English.Secondly, I talk to my group mate that“Please correct my English if you find the mistake.” Because there is a Britishin my group, he always corrected my grammar in my group writing. It is a goodway to improve my English. Sometime he asked the meaning of the sentence that Iwrote, and he helped to be more fluently than before. He used the simple wordsand told me do not use any difficult words. Words always have different meaningin the different sentence.Thirdly, I use the dictionary and do notuse google translate. Google translate is a good application but it is a bad habitto use it often. Doodle translate will lead me to be a person who always useChiness English. And also let me use Chiness logic to share my idea. I need to letmy mind be full of English and using English logic to share my opinion. Ialways want to have a machine can help me remember the grammar and vocabulary.If I have that machine, I will put all English words in my brain. And be a nativespeaker.
This is a simple introduction about myself and also to answer the question. I am not a good student, at least now I am not a good student, because I am very lazy and I don’t like to be hard-working. If you ask me that am I want to be a good student, definitely yes. I have regrets in my undergraduate study career. I got 2-2 degree finally, nearly 2-1, because I screwed up in my second year, whatever how hard-working I am in the final year, it didn’t work.     I really want to have a big improvement in my MSc course, I want to be a good student. Now I find lots of method in studying, the most important one is getting rid of being lazy in studying. Do more research! Go to the lecture, now I’m trying to improve myself in that way and waiting for the result come out, time will see, I think that efforts will be paid off.I still could remember during my undergraduate course, because of my mistake, i missed the deadline, was late about 10 mins, that let me have 10% off in my result. After that, i changed a lot, I never miss the deadline after that, 10% off in my result, so much, and so influenced to my final result during the career.    Sometimes I'm reserved and enjoy staying and thinking all by myself. I think this may be my weakness. I really enjoy the team work, but in the other hands, i am a little bit introverted. I need to change it, to talk much in the public, to let others know I could do well, giving up the problem that I will get really nervous speaking in front of other people, shame of me. And also It’s hard for me to share projects or share tasks with others, because I always believe that I can do it all, and asking for help will be seen as a sign of weakness. This made me feel overwhelmed and frustrated me. I should learn to cooperate. I have been working hard to trust others and share the responsibility of the project. I have learned to cooperate with people in the three years of undergraduate study. Now I am a good collaborator and I would like to try to become a group leader.    There are some good points on me.I have the ability to stay focused in stressful situations. I could learn and grow in my field and be counted on when the going gets tough. I really don't like to give up tasks. I think that since this is my task, I must do my best to do the best, do the most accurate, and do it step by step. In my opinion, successful people must be a bit hard about themselves, such as Apple founder Steve Jobs, the reason why Apple is so strong, and his own pursuit of perfect and accurate personality is inseparable. 
I will follow academic work no plagiarism, fabricate, cheating and find someone to help me write an essay. For me, There is no reason to do this, this are all academic misconduct. If I don’t follow this rule, I could be fired. I don’t want my tuition fee gone. Use the quotation and paraphrase properly, and don’t forget to put the reference, everything will be good. Other problems I think is personal behavior, at least I won’t do that. Actually, I don’t think I have the ambition to get a distinguish grade, what I want to do is do my job and just do it. I believe do your job well, you will get your deservedness. If I want to get distinguish grade, the most important thing is to look at your assignment, because tutors have already written the mark point on the VLE, had better read it. So, do your job after knowing what you need to do. As my experience, I could display a nonproductive behaviours in the situation which topic or content I don’t understand and I don’t do anything prework. Let me tell you a story, when I studied in university I select a module named commercial law. Wow… I studied optic- electronic, commercial law was a totally different subject. At that time, I just wondered what is law so I choose this module. Well we had some teamwork and examines, In the team, I felt I am a strange people, I can’t do anything only can do something really easy. For the examine, I couldn’t understand what is the different between the first question and third question in my exam paper. It was so difficult. This story teaches me a lesson, go to a meeting with your team after doing some research. What I mean is don’t just go and meet your meeting.  Oh! Now I have a team in York which is consisted of 3 Chinese 2 Taiwanese 1 Indian 1 British. It is muti-culture in my team, as you know most Asian people speak Chinese others speak English. I think if we are processing our meeting, using English is more suitable. However, In some situation my teammate can’t express his idea, he might subconsciously speak Chinese. I think unconsciously speaking Chinese is not a good habit. If you speaking Chinese all the time, it does not respect other people who can not speak Chinese. Because I have a team, we need to discuss and find the choice or decision make every teammate happy with it. He can not make a choice by himself, he needs to convince and persuade everyone why you choose this. It also means we need to spend more time on it, make every teammate happy with it. However, by doing this, Discuss with the teammate can efficiently prevent making the poor decision. To sum up, try everything hard and always prepare something when you have a meeting. Respect your teammate and try to persuade and discuss with them. By doing this you can achieve distinguish grade in the end. 
Talking about the academic work, I think the most important thing is to be honest to your work. It is true that the academic work might become very boring and difficult, but everyone should know the importance about academic honest. I still remember that in the first week of the lecture, we had to finish the test on the VLE, and there are lots of concepts and definitions we need to remember about our academic works. What impressed me the most was the chapter about the plagiarism. I really think that test is very clearly and have lots of examples for us to understand, it also gives us some situation to judge whether it is plagiarized or not. When I have to finish my own academic work, I pay more attention on extracting the points and paraphrase it by my own words after I read the literature. The academic work is not easy, I must to work hard on it.I am almost certain that all the classmates in the class are eager to be the best students in the class. I am also one of them. Compared with Chinese schools, York has different scoring rules and systems to judge whether a student is distinct. If you want to become a distinct student, the most important thing is your grade. I know it is quite difficult, but I still work hard towards requirements and standards on the assignment. Answering the questions in a comprehensive and meticulous manner should result in better results.To be honest, I think it is really hard for me to get distinct grade. When I work with my group members, I found that they have lots of academic experience or work experience before, which allows them to have more experience in the presentation or academic papers and also leads better results. This made me see the gap between me and them and the lack of my ability. As I know presentation is part of my grades, I feel so nervous about, that because I don’t have any experience of the presentation. It is true that being with the team member will really makes me feel relax a little when we have the group presentation together, but I will also worry about affecting everyone’s achievements if I make some mistake or I am not performed well. Besides the presentation, I also think my English writing and speaking is not good enough. Therefore, I am afraid that I will make some grammar mistakes in my report which might influence my grades, so I spend lots of time when I am writing the report and tried to make my language more professional. When writing the paper and designer a PPT, I realized that I am not good in the logic, so I need to modify the structure for many times. When I was studying, it is quite easy for me to focus on the other unimportant things or thinking about the other reports I have to write, which is really affect my studying efficiency and the accuracy of my work. I realized that it is not a good habit.
Time has passed really fast and as we can see, we are already in the fifth week of the first term. I wouldn't I am up to date with my assignments and the work assigned to me but I am trying really hard to cope with the limited time that I have. Regarding the case of being a distinction grade student, I really am not thinking of marks here. I am just trying to give my best in every way possible. I personally feel that my procrastination is  a real cause for my downfall at times because I tend to wake up at the last minute. But after scheduling my timetable and the limited time constraints that I have here in the University, my habit of pushing things to a later time has fairly decreased. Added to my habit of procrastinating things to later time, I have a tendency to get confused when in a very topsy-turvy situation. When something like this happens, I am very concerned about whether I could get my work done in time or not. I remember when I was doing my Bachelor's, I had multiple amount of kept back subjects after every term. It wasn't until the last term that I realized the importance of every subject in my career and started working on it. And by the last term I saw my progress and was really happy with it. I took a huge leap from 56% to 75%. This bad habit of mine would have really costed me dearly. Another example of  bad habits would be the habit of not speaking when needed. I have observed  this from a very young age of mine that when I am needed to speak something I mostly tend to remain silent. It's not always that situation but in cases where the teachers ask something in the class and  anybody can answer to the question and me even after knowing the answer I tend to keep quiet. A lot of my friends have told me about this behavior of mine and they have told me just speak when needed because after the time passes your words don't really matter that much. It's better to speak than to regret it at a later time.  
I guess that my academic work is not very good because I cannot read documents quickly and analyse on point. Sometimes I cannot find some useful information or research data efficiently. However I am really aspire to get a distinction in my every courses and distinction is my study goal in this master year.After a month life in the University of York , I found I still had some drawbacks that I have to avoid.Initially, reading bibliography is difficult for me because I need check a lot of strange words and understand their means in reports. Most areas are unknown for me and I have never realise before, sometimes I need to spend double time in reading and checking.However I still insist to reading and accumulate new words, I believe that it is useful in my work and reports. For example, I have read some case about law and I cannot understand the differences between China and England, so I have to check some documents to enhance my understand and sometimes I need to check Chinese documents because English documents is to difficult to learn. I know I should learn by English and avoid mother tongue, but I am really confused the law system between China and UK. So, Chinese documents become my assistant.Secondly, I can not balance study and entertainment. I remember tutors had ever told us we should keep balance between study and activities, but it is a little difficult for me to pay more attention to my study. I just finish the homework and read some necessary bibliography for my study and I did not do some deeply research because I would like to play with others or hung out in the city centre or shopping, I guess it is not reasonable and I should spend more time on my research and reading more references, which is useful for my finial report and could improve my reading speed. So, I will take more time on my reading and analyse rather than entertainments.In terms of entertaining, I am really interested in a serious of sports and the biggest regret was that I missed the marathon this mouth, at that time I just arrived at York and everything was fresh for me, so I missed the registration time. However I hope I could join the next marathon in York if it is possible. At the moment, I almost go to the sport centre three times a week and I want be healthier and stronger even if I am a girl. In addition, if I am sad or nervous, I would like to running and sweat, which could take all the terrible emotions and I will be positive again.Actually, I also stay out at night sometimes, it is not a good habit in our life even if I can get up early. I will not have a high efficient and quality in my work if I stay out because of sleepy. A regular living habit could bring us more energy, I guess I need to pay attention to my living habit. Another entertaining activity is learning Spanish. I an really interested in Spanish and their culture, buildings, food,etc. Learning Spanish is very funny because the pronounce is comfortable and melodious. I also join in a language course and learn Spanish every Monday, so I always hope it is Monday ,in this way I can take my Spanish lessons,cool!That is all my activities and working , though I am not a perfect person because I am not pound I can not be like for everyone, I still insist to be better and change my demerits. I believe I can be the person that I want to be a day in the future as I never stop my steps forever! 
Being Entertaining and Informative ？It seems very difficult to meet this requirement. But I'll try. As a student who has come across the world to study for a master's degree, it is necessary to earn a Distinction degree, but it seems difficult to achieve. After all, confidence is all there is. It is another thing to do. For me, the biggest stumbling block to making such an ambitious goal is probably my confusion. I wrote an article in my BLOG about how to not waste time and how to defeat the monster of procrastination. Every time I wake up in the morning on the weekend, I will think about how many pages I am going to read today. I will make the mind map of this course, arrange the notes, and do some exercise in the afternoon. An amazing day is full and meaningful, but often the reality is, wow! The bed is amazingly comfortable! Just 8 o 'clock, lie down for a while, then snore till 10 o 'clock, get up and have supper at noon. The whole day was thus disrupted. I sort through my reading on the Internet, so I wrote a BLOG about how to beat my biggest weakness. If you are interested can have a look at chrischenshuai.wordpress.com.Besides, there were many problems in our group during the year, and the course was completed in the form of a group. At present, I am the leader of our group, because, in the Enterprise course, I chose to act as the CEO. The team members are all excellent. It's a great honour to work with them to complete various tasks. However, everyone has their own jobs. I feel that my personal leadership and influence are not enough, and I cannot effectively lead the group, which is also an ability that I am not good at personally. To achieve the Distinction goal, this is what I need to address. I can never use violence to solve problems or money, although I don't have much money, ha ha ha. I will find the differences between each team member, improve my leadership skills, and then give the most correct solutions. It is also a challenge.Personally, that's some of the academic issues I'm facing in york right now. In life, maybe I am a little quiet person, so there are not many problems, are trying to do their own things. I hope I can meet more colourful life in the future, and earned a Distinction degree a year later.
Now, I can make sure every assignment finished on time, and keep records on the reading list.  however, I have to admit it is so hard and tense to keep pace with the general progress. I am sure that I am ambitious to be a distinction grade student when I received the offer from uni of york. So I realized that I have to conquer all my bad habits and nonproductive behaviors. I brainstorm some of the problems I have, like procrastination, time management challenges and stress management challenges.The situation, where I display nonproductive behaviors, bad habits, and poor choices, I am going to describe is following content.In fact,  it happened last 3 weekends. There is only one lecture for us EM students.  when we finished the only lecture and come back accommodation, I felt so sleepy and idle that I considered these feeling as a signal that I need a relax. I chose to have an afternoon nap and then got up to enjoy cooking dinner which whole progress took 2 hours with tv shows playing. then I took another one hour for a shower.  When it was the time I think I can learn something or I can finish some assignments, my friends would ask whether I want to hang out (join them to a club or something like that). Frankly speaking, these entertainment invitations are hard to refuse. Bad choices came here. I received the invitation and had a happy night which would cause a sleep-in on a Saturday. Then there is a vicious circle. I hate myself to delay the original timetable over and over again. As a result, I was stressed every last 3 Sunday night. For the reason that I had to finish all the assignments and had to make the timetable for next week. Besides, I had also to do the preparation for the lecture I will take on Monday. I believe you can image the preparation quality.To avoid this situation happen again, I do the changes since week 5. Now it is the afternoon of this Friday, I come to the school library with my friend. I managed to write the e-log here and have already finished the blog assignment. To be honest, according to the technique from the link below,  I do learn something from the MindTools website and express my gratitude here to you guys. For time management, there are different tools for us to learn to use. To do list makes it visually clear for me to keep the things I need to do in my mind. I write down things to do with the prioritizations and every time I finish one of them, I will make a mark on it to improve the sense of self-motivation. (sources: https://www.mindtools.com/pages/main/newMN_HTE.htm)A much better-organized timetable I believe will make me experience less stress and avoid miss anything important. Being able to focus my time and energy on high-value things is a symbol to turn into a productive person and It will be a must for me to become a distinction grade student.
I think there are many obstacles in my academicsuccess, such as laziness, lack of planning, failure to complete tasks accordingto plan, and poor consciousness of time management. Because of lazy, maybe I cannotcomplete the tasks what I planned. Preparation lessons before class, I think,is a very important thing, compared to the review, preview in advance canprobably understand the content of the class the lecturers to speak, Write downwhat I don't know the knowledge that I can focus on listening in class where thelecturers can explain it, it is not only efficient, but also save trouble. If Ido not preview, I will have no goal in class, and it is difficult to keep upwith the lecturer's teaching pace. As a result, the content of the whole classis only half-understood, and you must spend a lot of time on the review after class.Lecturers will assign some articles for us about next lecture to read, so that itcan help us understand professional background knowledge, expand our knowledge,inspired us to ask questions, trigger thought and question authority, helps toimprove our critical thinking, which helps us to write academic papers after whichthere are a lot of ideas and arguments can refer to. But because of laziness, Irarely read the articles. In the group work, I was not very active andenthusiastic, but passively accepted the tasks assigned by the group leader.When encountering problems, I did not actively think about solutions. Probablybecause I did not study this major before, I did not have encounter this typeof problem, did not have the learning experience of this major, and rarely readbooks on this subject, which led to me being passive in the group. I read pre-mastercourse last year in Glasgow, I applied major is Urban Planning at that time, Ithought it was a partial engineering subjects, unfortunately when I went toschool, I just know it belongs social science, it is partial arts subject,which I studied philosophy and European liberal democracy, I have not learned thesetwo courses before in my undergraduate period, I did not make a good plan and readingliterature sources when preparing papers, I did not have a very good timemanagement, so that when writing papers, my thoughts are messy and in a greathurry, cause my final paper score is very low, I did not meet the requirement. Therefore,I need to pull myself together, arrange my time reasonably, activelyparticipate in group discussions, overcome laziness and strive for academicexcellence.
In my opinion, I must be able to do well academically, and I am still a little bit confident. Because academic misconduct is a very unfair way of dealing with the deception of one's own work and the unfairness of one's competitors. Therefore, I will correct my academic attitude. Study hard, no plagiarism, no cheating. In terms of distinction, this is the biggest affirmation for a student In the academic method, so I am very eager to get this distinction. For a person who likes learning, who doesn't want to get this honor? Therefore, I not only expect to graduate successfully, but also expect to get higher scores. In the opposite view, is everything going to be all right? In fact, I also have some disadvantages that may hinder my distinction in the way of distinction.Because there are so many students who want to be excellent, if I want to surpass them to get distonction, I must be better than them.However, to some extent, I am more lazy than lazy, which is the biggest disadvantage for me, because laziness may lead to my academic performance not as good as other students. Specifically, in the morning, when there is no class schedule, some excellent students will get up at 7 o 'clock. After getting up, they will start to read some books, learn some other knowledge or do some sports to make themselves more energetic. But for me, maybe I'll choose to turn off the alarm clock and go back to sleep until 10 or even 11, which will cost me a whole morning to do something meaningful. For example, many excellent students spend most of their time on study, while I may spend my time on other things. Another fatal flaw of mine is that I am a bit of a playful person. When I have free time, I would like to lie in bed and watch TV, play games, or get together with friends and go to some parties. This will make my life interesting, but it will reduce my study time. Therefore, it may make me miss my distinction. If I want to achieve distinction, I should spend my time on study for entertainment. This is the distinction of learning, not of entertainment, after all.I can also give you an example of what's wrong with making a decision. Once, my friend and I were playing games. We agreed to play games for an hour, but when the hour arrived, we didn't enjoy ourselves. We should have stopped playing games to continue our study. This is the wrong choice to make in the case of playing. Afterwards I reflected on myself and decided that I could not do it again, so I will correct my mistakes.I have made many wrong decisions and made many mistakes, but only mistakes can teach us to grow. I have learned many lessons from the mistakes, which has helped me a lot.I believe that if I work hard, I will achieve my dream.
When I am in a very bad situation, when I face bad habits and unproductive activities, I lose motivation and lose confidence in continuing to struggle. Of course, in this case, I will also start thinking about how the solution can solve the above problem faster and better. Usually, as a new thinking pioneer of a group, I will bring a lot of new ideas to the group, and then actively participate in the discussion and lead other team members.I remember once there was a situation where I was in a very passive and frustrating environment because my thoughts were not adopted, but they used an idea that I didn't understand or even hate. Although I did not express it clearly, I still worked hard to participate in team discussions and decisions. In the end, I worked hard and I managed to upgrade my team's ideas with my own ideas. In the end, our team worked together to complete this seemingly impossible challenge and won the final first place. We are all very excited and happy, and we are striving to realize our dreams.
I think I am a person who is more susceptible to the environment. In my learning process, the environment is a more important factor for me. Taking the recent personal experience as an example, I started my postgraduate study for a month now, but I really didn’t have much time to study seriously. Take the recent distance, Halloween is near, the streets around you, the shops, the campus, and the topics that are talked about by friends around you will be related to Halloween. The whole of York is in a strong festive atmosphere. Once, I got up in the morning and decided to go to the library to study. As the festival was approaching, I chatted late with my friends about the festivals the night before, so it was two hours later than the scheduled wake-up time. After eating breakfast and coming to the library, the first thing is to take out the mobile phone, open WeChat, and browse some information. Various webpages are all about Halloween and China's shopping festivals, and a large number of products are discounted. So I spent an hour putting the things I wanted to buy into the shopping cart. The next hour is the learning time. An hour later, I received a message from the roommates who wanted to go out and buy Halloween decorations to dress up our dormitory. I immediately put down the books in my hand and walked out of the library, followed by an afternoon shopping time. . In the evening, it took more than an hour to make a fine dinner. I usually thought that my homework was not finished, and I was immersed in a pleasant chat atmosphere. I wanted to have some time to read some books at night, but the music and various laughter sounds came out of the window, which made me unconsciously give up the idea of ​​learning. Until ten o'clock, I felt a little sleepy, wash and go to bed. This kind of thing has been repeated for more than a month, and I am easily flocked to the surrounding environment, which is probably the biggest weakness in my study time.
I think i can handle the academic work well in this year. I attend each lecture in time and also do some project talk with my team member after class about the enterprise lecture frequently. Also, we can always discuss some other activities or presentations about each lecture after class together with my group. Everyone are aspire to be a distinction grade student. I feel lack of self-control is the factor which is preventing me from being a distinction grade student. As I know I am an international student, I need more practice in English speaking and learning. But in everyday life, I prefer to use Chinese to talk with friends during the lecture. This is what i need to improve in future life i think, because i have seen many other students are used speaking English in lectures although English is not their first language. Another bad habit is I am more willing to gather everything before the deadline. Such as this E-learning log, in the first and second week, i can start to write it in Friday. But as time goes, I become a little lazy to finish it. I will always start to write it in Sunday, while this time i will always be busy with so many things need to be done together. In my own country, we have a learning habit that is to do preparation before the lecture and do some review after the lecture. But now I can't keep going this habit because the lack of self-control. After everyday's lecture, i need to walk 20 mins to home and i am more willing to watching some videos or movies to relax. After that, I need to cook for myself and do some washing for myself. It quite need a lot of time comparing with the life before. I think i need to organize my time more efficiently in order that i can keep a balance between learning and everyday life. Also, i need to keep that learning habit so that i can understand more in the lecture and don't need to search the unknown vocabulary during the lecture time. When i was in home, there are so many things that can attract my attention. I will always attracted by others message or someone walking in front of my home. I think what i need to do is to go to the library so that i can concentrate my attention and keep learning. What's more, i think i need to switch off my phone so that i won't get attracted by other messages. I insist that if we devote ourselves to learning, we can get more things return.
I think the most obvious part of me which prevent me from being a distinction grade student is that I have procrastination for a long time.Sometimes also I had a perfect timetable or a plan before weekend, and I was very satisfied when I have written them on paper, like reading a chapter of a financial book, going to gym, doing writing exercise, learning from international courses.Then I must regret and be disappointed when weekend has gone because the plan wasn’t be put in to practice as usual. Then I set a flag that I must complete all items in the plan, but it seems that the bad cycle of procrastination never be broken. Because I was usually trapped in some tempts, like some new TV series, shopping physically or online, browsing new contents on phone.And the most horrible thing is that although I know I should keep away with these tempts and word hard, but I can’t restrain myself. I have analyzed this weakness, There are 4 simple reasons as follows: Firstly, the task seems too hard for me to do. secondly, my free time is unavailable until the weekend, thirdly, I am lack of knowledge and skills. Besides, I don t want to make a mistake until we re sure it s right. At last. I know I made a mistake will also cause procrastination.So I want to change this kind of bad habit. Firstly, I often have one item on the list that is hanging over my head and just doesn’t seem like it will get taken care of. Step up to the plate and knock this out. The rest of the day is downhill from there. Secondly, I will use those small items to help mr feel more productive. They are quick and often very easy. Complete and get the big marker out to cross them off the list. Third, Reward myself with occasional breaks, music you enjoy, or even a snack. Life is short, so even work has been enjoyed.At times if I will not complete everything you had on my list. I will add them to tomorrows list with a star so that they do not get rolled over a second day.By the day’s end I will have a rough idea of items I need to do tomorrow. I will list them. Tomorrow when I start fresh, I will be less likely to have missed an re-list.Another disadvantage is that I can’t persist good habits for a long time. In the past I want to recite 300 new English words, but this plan was abandoned after 3 months; I plan to read a book every month, this plan was broke after one year; There were lots of such plans stifled in a short time, because I can’t keep away from laziness. So I often read some positive books or watch some inspirational videos, and I can keep hard-working for a period of time, then I may abandon some plans. These are some bad habits of me, and I’m trying to correct them.    
My name is YimingLiu, I come from China and I graduated from Tianjin University of FinanceEconomics. Looking back on the past, I kept a high academic performance duringmy undergraduate period, especially for those important subjects forengineering management, like Statistics-91, Engineering Mechanics-92,Modern Quality Management-87, Intelligent Building-91, Foundationand Subgrade-89, Engineering Drawing-90, Engineering Surveying-91,CAD-95. Besides, I completed my Pre-Masters study in the UK with HonorLevel (70 mark) in professional subjects, as well as 69 final mark in languagestudy. These all could prove that I have contacted much knowledge related with engineeringmanagement field and also could present my excellent learning ability,especially in foreign environment as well. However, there are still some badhabits with me.  The first thing is although I have studiedfor my pre-master degree last year, I can not stand some English habit, whichmeans I can not complete get involved into U.K culture. For example the publictransport is underdeveloped. In China, the taxi is easy to get and the bus usuallycome on time and fast. In Britain, taxis are not only expensive but also haveto be booked by telephone. Buses are often late. Many bus routes have longdeparture intervals, making it very inconvenient for students to travel. Andlike Edinburgh and Manchester, there is no subway. Besides, there is no high speedrailways. It takes a lot of time for traveling.  The second thing is I like playing games withmy friends. Apart from learning and traveling time, I am basically playinggames, which includes x-box play-station and computer. Sometimes it's tooaddicted to the plot of a game, and forget to review the contents of the day'sstudy. For example, shadow of Tomb Raider, the first day I buy it I take 5hours to play it at night. After the playing, I could not stop thinking it`sstory. As a result I could not study at all. The other game called Halo on X-box,the first day it display, I bought it and played it for two days （only eat sleep andplay it）.   The last thing is procrastination. In the dailylife, I have a bad habit is I would like to study or do thing at the whole pointsuch as 19.00 or 16.30, if I miss it I must wait for another whole point tostart my work. As a result it may delay for 10 minutes to 30 minutes to startthe work.  I cherish the time of studying in York verymuch. I also hope to make progress in my studies and get distinction scores. Icame to York to concentrate on my professional knowledge instead of traveling.Though I have these problems, I am gradually correcting them. For example, Ilimit my playing time every day, play games on vacation, and urge myself tostart reviewing and previewing early every day. Finally,I hope to get a satisfactory result.
First of all, every student is eager to become a good student. We have to do the following：1. University planning must have a clear goal, what to do in the university, such as what kind of achievements or more social internship experience.2. To improve professional knowledge, my major is engineering management. If you want to return to work in the future, you should know more about China's laws on engineering management, as well as career development prospects and professional skills.3. To be a person who has the courage to express himself, to cultivate confidence and dare to try4. To improve interpersonal relationships, participate in school activities, learn more people, and learn from them.5. To cultivate hobbies, do yourself with personality, and at the same time read more books, insist on reading will enhance your temperament, increase your experience, enrich your connotation, and rarely have time to read books after work.Sometimes I am a quiet person reading a quiet person. At the same time, I am also a person who likes to be lively. Whenever I go to the festival, I always like to have friends and classmates get together to eat and entertain. I am also a person who likes sports. I usually like to play basketball. Occasionally, I participate in activities organized by the school. When the test results are not ideal, I will not be depressed, actively looking for my own problems, and then study hard for the next test. I also have a good vision for the future. When I was young, my dream was to be a scientist and an astronaut. Now that I am mature, I want to work hard to improve my professional skills during my studies so that I can find a better job in the future.Some of the obstacles to becoming a good student are:1. Lack of clear goalsWhat kind of students we want to be and the future direction of employment are still uncertain.2. The basic problem of oneselfBecause my undergraduate degree is not a major related to engineering management, it may be a little difficult for students to study in some courses.3. Learning strategiesHow to reasonably arrange your study time and entertainment time is a big challenge.4. Learning interestMost students have been reading books for 20 years before graduate students. It may be that they have lost interest in reading books for now.5. Thinking abilityWhat you have now is probably a fixed-solution thinking, and there is very little innovation, which is what you need to cultivate this year.
I do a good preparation before class, such as looking at the courseware in advance and figuring out the unknown words. And look at the article and video recommended by the teacher. Then  I finish the homework assigned by the teacher.yes ,I want to be a distinction .Reading habits. The teacher told us before that we should focus on the key points in reading an article, and do not translate it word by word. We do not need to understand the meaning of every word. If you have to consult a dictionary if you don't know a word, you won't be able to read it effectively. I tried to improve my reading speed and efficiency in the way that my teacher taught me. When I read the first line, I found that I did not know the words, I would jump over to continue to read, but if the particularly unfortunate each line has the words do not know, I would be particularly helpless. Then I'll go back to the first line and re-read and figure out the words I don't know. Therefore, when the teacher assigned the reading assignment, I would finish it several times each time for dozens of pages of reading. But the good thing is, I've gone from fear to indifference. Another problem is that when I meet don't know the word, I'll look up the meaning of it and then down in a notebook for the rainy time out and back, but I found that the habit of recording new words still retains the, I don't have any words that notebook back down one by one, and there are a few words in two or three times. As time went on, more and more words were memorized in my notebook, but my vocabulary did not grow in sync. I think it's time for me to put this plan into practice.The order of completion. I find that I always finish the simple tasks first and then the harder ones. Every task has a deadline, so doing so can be dangerous. I remembered a story told by my teacher. He said, ""here's a container with some big rocks, some small rocks and sand. How do you put these things in?"" . We have different answers. And then he gave us the answer that big rocks represent the most important things, followed by little rocks and sand, and if we put big rocks in it we can put little rocks and sand in it. But if we put the small stones and sand in first, we can't put the big stones. The harder task is the same as the big stone, the other simple is the same as the small stone and sand. Simple tasks have to be done, of course, but putting difficult tasks behind you is a sign of procrastination. Sometimes, though, the focus is super intense, and you can come up with better ideas in a very short time. However, there are still some cases that I have to take into account. For example, there are many simple mistakes that cannot be found in a short time, but it is easy to find them if you look at them later. For example, there was a problem with the computer. I helped my friend make a small video before the semester started. When I turned to get something, I accidentally knocked the glass on the table. My computer broke down. There are many more accidents like this, and it can be very, very dangerous to push a task to a deadline in a few hours.
Every workingday night, I would review the slide of lecture and make the detailed notes.   The question is do you aspire to be a distinction grade student?I think of course I want to be a grade student. But I know I have some badhabits would discourage me to be a grade student.The first thing is procrastination. I know this bad habit is fairlynot good, but sometimes I could not control myself. In the past, myprocrastination is very serious. I still remember in junior high school, on thewinter vacation, there were lots of homework. Initially I thought about thisholiday has a long time, I should relax first. So I watched TV shows and readnovels every day, I did not want to write my homework. After a while, I knewthat I should do the homework, but I would open the TV involuntarily. Two daysbefore the end of the holiday, I realized that the winter vacation was nearlyover, but my homework was not written yet. In the last two days, I started towrite homework madly from 7 am to 12 pm, except for the meal time. Thisexperience told me that I should reasonably arrange my time and manage what Ihave to do, instead of putting everything around the deadline. From then on, Iwould make a timetable to tell myself what time to do. When there is anemergency, I would reschedule my time. I feel that when I set a timetable, I couldslow down my procrastination very well. I think this is a good way. The second thing is that I would be influenced easily by others.When I paid attention on studying, if someone interrupt me, I would stopstudying to talk with him. I was grabbed very fast by some interesting things. Ithink this bad habit also would discourage me to be a grade student. However, Ihave already realized this problem, I would solve this trouble.  And I believe if I fixed theproblem, it would help me a lot. The third thing is I couldn’t stick to my own opinion. After I listenedothers opinions, I will believe others opinions are better than my. In groupmeeting, everyone needs talk about own opinion, but after listened othersopinion, I am afraid my opinion is not good and also afraid other would thinkthis opinion is less useful.  I knew this thought is very ridiculous,so I will change my thought and try to speak out my opinion even if my opinionhas shortage. In the future, I must be brave to let other people know what I thought. I have already realized that there are three main reasons would interruptme to become a grade student. In the future, I would try my best to solveprocrastination and don’t be influenced easily and stick myself. 
As a postgraduate student, we should concentrate to our learning time in university, especially while lecturers giving presentation in class. We should take necessary notes of some theory and any important information. Personally, I will try my best to fit in this new teaching models and education system. To ensure I can understand every important point or theory when lecturers will talk about on next day, I will make some previous reading to some relevant articles and report, to find some basic information. Then, when I am listening to tutors, these background information can help me to understand deep meanings and give me an overall understanding.However, the truth is, every time when I noticed that I should get back to learning and make previous research, I still want to spend more time to relax and do something for a funny. For example, I used to review every key points or theory after one day's class after finishing my dinner. However every time when I finished the dinner, I just want to lie on my bed and play mobile phones or watch YouTube videos instead of walking to my desk, sit down and start learning. This process was very hard for me, because after finishing dinner I just want to take a relax, that is even impossible to me to get back to learning when I found myself needs relax. Firstly, I thought, well maybe I just took a rest for 10 minutes then I will go back to work, but after 10 minutes, I still want to lie on my bed. Finally, it caused that I spent 45 minutes on video watching and entertaining instead of finishing some homework and doing some further research, that is a kind of time wasting.I realized this kind of bad habits could decrease my efficiency and ever created some negative consequences. To avoid and change these bad habits which connected to the time management, I started to use my cellphone to make time counting. I compel myself only to take a rest no more than 20 minutes after dinner, so when it start alarming, I would stop watching videos and doing irrelevant issues and get back to the business, start learning and finishing my homework. This is only one example that I will be nonproductive because sometimes I am ""lazy"". However, some reasons still exist. For example, when I am sitting in the classroom and listening to lecturers' presentations, my attention could not completely focused on the lecturers. Sometimes, I would be distracted and interrupted by other ideas in my mind. Then I would start thinking about other areas, such as: ball games, computer games, outdoor activities, parties and other exterior attractive things, this caused I always ignored some important knowledge and theory at class. To avoid this situation, when I noticed that I am thinking about other thing out of the class, I will try to pinch myself, and get my attention back to class. These are my 2 biggest problem which could affect my efficiency, ""lazy"" and ""unfocused"". In the future, I hope I can completely conquer these 2 problems and achieve high effective learning for my postgraduate study.
I think that when I cope with the academic work, I will maintain a positive attitude and take each lesson seriously. I always review after class and preview the PPT before each class. When I am a member of the group, I will actively participate in the discussion, express my opinions and opinions, and I try my best to complete the task of the group.Of course, in my opinion, most of the students in this world want to be a grade student, and I am no exception. Even if I have a lot of problems preventing me from becoming a grade student. As far as I am concerned, as an international student, I think the biggest difficulty is the language problem. Sometimes it is difficult to understand the meaning of the teacher, it is difficult to communicate with people whose native language is English. Of course, because I am not confident enough, I am afraid that I am wrong, it is not good for improving my English. So sometimes I do not want to talk academic work with tutor, I do not want to ask question to tutors.Secondly, laziness and delay are not suitable for becoming a grade student. I may finish my homework one hour before the deadline. If I can't manage my time, I can't arrange my life and study. As a graduate student, every class needs to be studied. I haven't touched many courses before. I also learned before the class, but the content of the study is very different. As a graduate student, we have higher requirements. Especially when there are a lot of homework, there will be inertia to avoid, and I can’t arrange the time. The final homework may not be qualified work, because every assignment need more and more research to support evidence and give a power point, less time can not finish this work. At the same time, I think the social media will effect my studying life, it will make can not have the will power.In addition, sometimes I am not willing to accept difficulties, I am afraid of the unknown. For example, for each class assignment, I have a little fear, I don't know if I can finish it, and I don't know what I need to do for these assignment. So i feel little confused. I do not have some plan for me future, i do not know what I can do after I finish my university life, so i do not have the goal, now, I just finish the academic work，I think that when a person has a goal, there will be motivation. If I have not yet clarified my thoughts about the future, sometimes I will have no motivation for my studies, so I would like to clarify my future development.Confidence, in my academic work, I always want to know the accurate answer, so when I make an idea that I am not sure I am right or not, I don't believe myself, other people said their idea, maybe I will charge my mind. 
To be honest, the academic work is challenging for me, because it's not my major in college. But I like to challenge myself. I aspire to be a distinction grade student, and I think everyone does as well. In order to achieve this goal, I have to manage my time properly. Teachers have stressed the importance of time management many times before the formal start of study. I read some books about this, too.  I usually organize my days and weeks in advance. I put the most urgent and important thing first and the important but not urgent thing in the second place, in other words, I prioritize these over less important tasks. For example, if the teacher left homework in class, I would discuss it with my group after class. Only after that I will do other things, such as preparing for tomorrow's class and reading the recommended books. But I still have a lot to improve. I sometimes procrastinate work when I feel it's too hard and need a lot of time to handle with. The right thing to do is: if it can be done today, do it today. This golden rule should be my motto if I want to make the most of my time. It’s much better to finish my week earlier on Friday than it is to get stuck working on a last-minute project.One of my good habit is that I plan small goals for myself every day, instead of a big, impossible one. Once I achieve these small goals, I will feel a great sense of accomplishment, which will encourage my morale. But I still have some difficulties in my study. I can't use what I have learned very well yet and would be anxious about that. I can't balance my study and life very well. I have few hobbies and don't know how to relax when I'm tired. Maybe I should go running with my friends more and enjoy the beautiful city so that I can stay productive.There is also a big problem that when I feel very depressed, I will be out of work. I'd rather go though myself than talk to my friends about my predicament.  Of course, this will reduce my learning efficiency. The good thing is that I'm trying to change that.Another unavoidable problem is that I will be homesick sometimes. In this regard, my family and domestic friends give me a lot of support. They will have a video chat with me when I miss them and feel vulnerable. With their support, I will be more confident to complete my studies in the University of York.It will be harder and harder to learn in the next few weeks, while I have confidence in myself and my group members. As long as we work together, we can definitely learn better and better with the help of our supervisor and tutors.
: Half of the first term has passed ,and during this time, although I have encountered some problems that I never met before, I have learned a lot of new skills st the same time. For example, this is the first time I get along with people who from different culture, this might have the culture shock. However, all these things cannot be the barriers that I want to be a distinction grade student. In my supervision group, all the team member want to be the distinction grade student, therefore, in this kind of learning environment promote me more want to be a grade student. During this period, although I already tried my best to achieve this aim, there are still have some factors can impact my learning. First, the bad performance on the time management. This is my shortcoming all the time since when I was a child. My family or friends noticed me when there were some important things coming, which really helped me.However, since I learned in the UK, it is so far for them to notice me, I begin to put all the things at the deadline, which can impact my learning achievement directly.second, it's English barrier. Professor always give us some reading list. There are a lot of professional words in the text, which rise the difficult degree when I was reading. Therefore, it's always take a long time for me to read it. In addition, if professor speak quickly in the lecture, it is a little difficult to understand clearly.In conclusion, these two factors are the main factors which can impact I become the grade student.
To be honest, I really want to get the distinction, and I have planned to get the distinction since I get the offer from our University. Therefore, I treat the academic work assigned by tutor seriously, because I know my final results related to the homework. And I can acquire more knowledge if I finish homework efficiently. In the aspect of homework, I am eager to do better than other students and get the satisfied results. We did not have too much homework to cope with till now, but in the future (maybe Christmas vacation) we need to deal with a lot of reports. Even in the Christmas vacation, I have no plans for the holiday and I just want to focus on my own reports. Because of the limitation of language, it can be quite difficult for our foreigners to produce an outstanding report just like the native English speakers. In order to get the distinction, I should do more sacrifices and make great efforts to my reports.I am trying to do my best but there are some situations which prevent me to get the distinction.Firstly, as I have mentioned before, the language can be the big obstacle for our foreigners. In order to get the distinction, I have previewed the course which is difficult for me to catch up, such as law. But I still found it is difficult for me to keep up with the tutor even I have preview the course, the jargon can't be understand without dictionary. And it can be more obvious in the area of writing the report, sometimes even I know the general idea of myself, I don't know how to express myself better in English. That's the reasons why I become nonproductive sometimes.Besides, lazy can be the biggest obstacle for every student to get the distinction. Sometimes I do want to enjoy the weekend and the holiday, and I choose to do some relaxed activities rather than deal with homework. Shopping or chatting with friends can be more enjoyable than studying in the school library. Although I know I should finish my homework first, I am not in a hurry to do my homework until the deadline. And I have recognised where is my problem, maybe in the future I should finish my homework first and leave myself enough time to check and revise homework to get a better grade. And I do think this is one of the bad habits for me, this bad habit may prevent me to get the distinction.Additionally, as I have recognised, I am a student who lack the ability of creative. Although I have tried to improve myself in this field, I still can't change the situation. Sometimes, I can be a person who is really inflexible, and I do think the quality of creative is really important for our students who major in engineering management. Maybe in the future I should try harder to change my mind and learn more about the advanced knowledge.Since I have recognised some of my problems, I should overcome my shortcomings and make more efforts to get the distinction. 
It is so important for everyone to become adistinction grade student. However, it is difficult for them to achieve thegoal, because you must gain a high score in every course. For those who havegreat ambitions, they usually pay attention to two key points. The firstimportant thing is keeping patient in study all the time, which makes acontribution to high study efficiency. What is important, they can find theirinterest in reference books and put himself into it. By contrast, to some poor students,they are full of curiosity at the beginning of the term and they want to studyhard to achieve their goal. As the times go, they gradually be tired to studyor life, as everyday they have to read a list of references. AS a result, theymay feel anxious and pain when they read a lot of books, because they cannotknow how to study in an efficient way and finish tasks easily. The second thingis making a schedule, which can ensure they can have a productive day and donot waste time. Therefore, making a long-term plan and short-term plan is ofimportant to all students. As is well known to us, it is nearly impossible toget a distinction degree by passing one course or showing good behavior in a presentation.We need to make some detailed plans and finish them one by one on time. Only inthis way can we achieve success and get a distinction.However, I cannot do well in the twopoints. First of all, I lacked patience in my life When I began my master study.At that time, I wanted to go to the sport center to do physical exerciseeveryday. Due to the fact that the distance is about 25 minute walk from myhome to the sport center, I found it is too far. After I got there, I might nothave any energy to do exercise. Besides, if I did not go to the sport center, Icould saved around 300 pounds. If I stick to run on the urban green way, I canachieve the same effect as the sport center and use the saved money to do moremeaningful things. Secondly, I cannot keep up date with my short-term goal,because I think it consume a lot of time to do these things. As you know,everyday I need to attend the class and read the reference books. What is more,I need to cook for myself and do some recruitment activities. Because of thiskind of opinion, I gave up setting up agenda everyday. I can remember myassignment and can submit it on time. However, due to the lack of detailedplan, I cannot enrich my life in a balanced way. For example, after setting usagenda, I can set up when I need to finish my task, when I need to do exerciseand when I need to go to bed. By this way, I can form a regular timetable andcan benefit from it a lot. Inthe future, I will try my best to overcome these shortcomings and form thesegood habits. Only in this way can I achieve the goal that I want to get.
Unconsciously, I have been in York for more than three months, and my life is extremely rich and colorful. Sometimes even surpass the importance of learning  and forget the initial intention of studying abroad. This may also be the ill attitude of learning for many years. Today I’m going to analyze some of the reflections on my learning problems during my three-month study abroad. For the distingction grade, I didn’t think much about it before, but I’m thinking more about how I can The combination of work experience and newly acquired theoretical knowledge provides a deeper understanding of management theory and lays a good foundation for future career development, so the final academic results are not too high claim. Of course, in terms of academic attitudes, I feel that I should still make a comprehensive reflection. During the pre-sectional language courses, the tasks of class including the amount of tasks after class, and the amount of tasks are relatively substantial, except for some free time. After the pre-sectional language courses, in the case of a relatively small amount of course tasks, the time utilization rate of more free domination is not high, and the course preparation and review are not enough, and the cognitive level of theoretical knowledge is still relatively low. This mainly reflects that I still lack a certain degree of planning and self-discipline in time management. I have not done a comprehensive timetable, and I have occupied a lot of time by some unnecessary social activities, and I have not carried out very good academic expansion. In addition, in the course of the class, due to the influence of language barriers, including the preparation of the relevant courses, the content of the class is not deeply understood, not thorough, and the understanding of the new theoretical system, academic environment, and thinking mode is not enough. Therefore, it is not good at completing the tasks of each course. In addition, in the process of learning, it is easy to be interfered by external factors, and can not concentrate on learning content, which is also an important factor affecting the quality of learning. Therefore, in the next stage of learning, we must firstly do a good job of time management. Every day, I should have a clear time plan and strictly follow the study plan. I should spend a lot of time every day on homework research, the expansion of additional knowledge, and language skills improvement. In terms of learning methods, it is necessary to profoundly understand the goals and intentions of the course content setting of each course, grasp the key points of the teacher's class content, and strictly exclude all external factors in the learning attitude, and concentrate on the energy in a certain period of time. All of them are placed on the study, and the tasks of each course are completed in strict accordance with the quality and quantity, and strive to achieve the desired results in the assessment tasks at all stages of each course.
In the beginning of this term, i wrote all the things i want to learn and what i want to do in the paper. Something are relate with the academic work, like reading all the pre-materials before every lecture, reading all the reading lists, learn another foreign language etc. There are some things i want to improve and to be a better person. I want to enrich myself in spiritual level, as well as the academic field.From week1, i have prepared for all the lectures in advance, using powerpoint and reading lists. In week 3, i joined the first German lesson. I try to do all the things i want. But, sometimes , i felt lazy and sluggish. There are some factors influencing me, such as online shopping, social event, tv series etc. After I found these can interrupt my studying, i want to change. Using time management plan actually is a wonderful way to monitor ourself. But i realised a reasonable and suitable plan need to practice in several times. Therefore, i search some videos in youtube about how to managing time. The first thing i learnt is using google calendar. I downloaded the timetable in the school website and put it in the google calendar. And try to allocate my free time. But during these time, i found i usually cannot finished the things i decided before. So the first step, i guess is the time not enough. So i decided get up earlier than before and reduce the time of entertainment. Actually, a good living schedule can bring lots of benefits, i feel the clear brain, better for my body health and not struggling with late for date. Next thing i learnt in youtube is make a to-do-list, i bring my to do list everything. If i have a thing need to do, i write it immediately to ensure remembering the things. Besides, this list can help me to manage my time as well, i will use this to do list contrast with my google calendar, and making sure for things goes smoothly. The third thing i learn is do some creative things in the morning, and check email or social after lunch. This habit can help me finish the important work in a high quality. Basically, the principle 'creative the first'.The last thing i learnt on the youtube us leave my phone, my ipad, my computer only. These electronic products not only can influence our sleeping quality, but also can distract us from our working or studying.However, the fact is  lazy is my final barrier. I have a high probability not finished the things what reserved in advanced. Therefore, recently, i have two goals. One is get up early in 5.30am, which means i need sleep early at  night. The other is try to finish every things in the google calendar plan, except some emergencies. And then, i will have a better state to write all my homework, my essays, my reports. And to be a better person.
I think my current academic performance is not particularly excellent, because I have not been exposed to many courses before, such as the Marketing,Law and so on.And the homework assigned by the teacher, such as a business plan, I feel a little strange to these contents.I have no idea about the budget, the market research, etc.In addition, I have some language barriers, which may sometimes lead to inaccuracy when I fail to understand the course content.So it took me a lot of time to study after class.I am eager to be an excellent student, and I enjoy the appreciation when I do well, because it is a kind of affirmation of my efforts and values.I came here from long distances to study for the purpose of making greater progress, improving my own value and becoming a better person.At the beginning, I felt confused and unhappy because of my poor academic performance.Other groups were performed well,they are smart to know how to do well.While our group seem to have a hard time to catching up. I always think whether I am a stupid person.I don't know how to be a top student.But I think we should try. we want affirmation,we can do better.I think the biggest obstacle is the language problem.I need to spend a lot of time and energy in understanding the content, so that I can not only quickly grasp the key points, but also further study.Sometimes the lecturer said something funny, and everyone laughed. Although I didn't understand why it was funny, I thought it was funny, so I laughed with everyone.I remembered one time,a lecturers asked me many times which country are you talking about,I didn't think about it until later.This was a very easy question,but I can not understand it.I felt a little silly.The second problem is that I am a shy person and I am a little afraid of communicating with teachers and classmates.I should be more eager to communicate with others, because everyone's ideas are different, from which I can learn a lot of new ideas.Another disadvantage of mine is that I am a procrastinator, and I need to sleep for a long time,specially in winter. I always think that the reserved time is sufficient, but in fact, it is not enough. Therefore,I often step into the classroom at the beginning of class,I run to the classroom almost every day, I did some exercise by the way .However, I know my shortcomings, so I reviewed lectures after class and tried to understand what I did not know in class.I think the ability to balance our lives and learn well is also an important thing we need to learn.I found a good way to relieve stress is to eat delicious food.British desserts and sweets are so sweet,while eating some sweets can make people feel better.
To be honest, I take my academic tasks very seriously. And I also want to be a good student, but my procrastination has always been blocking me. I think every Chinese student has a bad habit like this. Next,I want to describe one of my own experiences. I remember that one failure was because of this. My impression is very deep. During my college, I had a presentation to do. I remember this presentation is about finance. I thought it was very difficult at the time, but I had plenty of time to prepare it, about a month or so. Unfortunately, I have not prepared this task for the past month, I have been playing with my friends all the time. It was not until the before two days of the deadline that preparations began. I just prepared some of the simplest things because time was not enough. My preparation was not enough. When I was showing my presentation, I was very nervous because I did not do a lot of exercises and preparations. This made me not confident, I did not know what I should say. I was very embarrassed because I forgot some content and my classmates and teachers are waiting for me. Many people were watching this speech at the time. And I think this may be the most important presentation during my college years. All people were listening carefully and paying attention to me. Finally, I just talked about the contents of ppt above. There were many important things that I have not said. And my movements were very tight. The preparation of other students was very full and had a lot of content. And their speeches were very fluent. They were very confident and their voices were clear. I thought their speeches were all better than me. I felt very guilty at the time. The final result was that I did not pass the exam. I felt very disappointed and sad at the time. My teacher communicated with me after this exam. And he told me about my problems. He said that I can't have procrastination anymore，I had to change this bad habit. Only then I can really become better and become a good student. And my classmates told me to prepare these things in advance. This will make me confident and my speech will be fluent. After that, I carefully prepared this presentation again. I practiced many times before showing. In the second time, I talked a lot about things that I haven't talked about at the first time and they were very important. My speech was very fluid and I was full of confidence. Both the teacher and the classmates thought that I was doing better than the last time. I finally passed the exam. The teacher and classmates gave me a lot of encouragement and let me know my own problems.This was a very failed experience which I could not forget. After this experience, I usually prepare my tasks in advance and practice many times, which will make me full of confidence.
When I need to copy with some academic works I prefer to understand the work what I need to do and then I will check some information from internet ,books and the slides of our lectures .  I really hope myself to become a distinction grade student although it's not very easy . I have analyzed the potential reasons that prevent me to become a distinction grade student . Firstly , I'm a overseas student and English is not my native language so maybe sometimes I can't understand the lectures in the classes . So after class I need spent more time to review the content and understand  the content what the lecturers  said during the classes . Secondly , I lack of some background knowledge such as the law and marketing , so I need find more books and materials to read . And then I can finish the homework or academic works better .  Thirdly , sometimes  I'm not very familiar with the process of my homework . For example , we have an academic work about Enterprise . I don't do this kind of work before so at first I don't know how to start this work and what kind of information need me to check . As to bad habits , to be honest I really have some bad habits , such as nervous , introversion , procrastination . Firstly , nervous , I am the most perfect person to do everything and I want to do the best ,so most of time i am particularly nervous and worried that I am not doing well . This week we have a presentation need to do , so I worried about it for 3or 4 days before . I don't how to do it ,how to express our topic clearly ,how to  attract other's attention and finally get the approval of others . Secondly , introversion , to be honest I really don't like introversion because it prevent me to make new friends and get some good opportunities to express myself . As we all know , we can learn more from others especially when they from different countries . That means we can learn more different cultures and learn how to communicate with others. These are very important because I may get along with different people in my future work . If I'm still introversion , it will have a bad effect of my work and life . So I need to change myself ,I need to take the initiative to meet new people and get more opportunities to express myself .  And the lastly , procrastination , it's really very serious . If I cannot management my time I will bear very serious consequences in the future . I mean if I cannot reasonably arrange my time to make a reasonable plan and complete the tasks according to the plan ,I will bear serious consequences ,such as not being able to finish the work in time , resulting in poor quality of work . So I need to get rid of this bad habit .
I think I can cope with most academic work well especially those I am interested. In my undergraduate I passed all the lectures and also won scholarship and joined the student union. However, to be honest I am not so aspiring to be a distinction grade student. I am that kind of person that never talk big and I am not sure is that because lacking of confidence? I always have some small goals and I try to finish them but I just cannot guarantee the quality of every thing because of lacking of time or just feel negative to work.I am kind of extreme because I could be passionate about those I am good at because I love what Ido, I have a steady source of motivation that drives me to do my best but I will feel very confused facing unfamiliar tasks and need a long time to get used to them.I am not so highly organized. Since I keep doing sports three times a week for over three years. I always take notes, and I usea series of tools to help myself stay on top of deadlines but sometimes it could be really mess. I cannot keep aclean work space and create a logical filing method so I’m always able to findwhat I need although I know that this increases efficiency and helps the rest of the teamstay on track, too. Sometimes I  will put something off because of an excuse, acting like it can wait and brush a task off as ""not a big deal."" Again, while this might be OK in small doses, if it becomes a habit I will  have a problem. Making excuses is not the way to be productive,too. It's one thing if things don't get done because other things take priority, but if something doesn't get done because of an unfair excuse, then that's a problem with me. Start paying attention and see if there seems to be an excuse for everything. One or two every once in a while is OK, but excuses can get out of hand quickly.For example, our group was chosen to give a presentation in strategy lecture.We were so happy to be chosen and I polished my part well. However, there were another group who really do an perfect job so we didn't  get the prize at the last. I realized that there always someone do better than you and what should I do is keeping promoting and I should  always looking for anopportunity to do better and achieve greatness. 
For my academic work, I will actively listen to the class, write down the important part of the teacher, and take notes carefully. I will ask the teacher after class to ask some knowledge points that I have not understood in class, and discuss with the lecturer. After class, I actively participated in the group discussion and made suggestions for our group work. I will find information on the website and collect valid information to develop a good plan to discuss with my team members. Then we pick the best solution to perform the team task. We will continually modify the program, constantly improve the content of the work, and strive to achieve the best results. I will also go to the library to borrow some books related to the profession to expand my knowledge. These books can help me better understand my professional direction, and also give me some good inspiration. But for me, there are many shortcomings that prevent me from becoming a good student. I am a lazy person, so I will have delays in my homework and assignments after class. I won't finish my homework or organize my study plan very quickly. I will start learning at a very late time, which makes me waste a lot of time. I thought that I spent some time painting on my hobby. And I was a little shy. I didn't dare to ask the lecturer when there was a problem in class, and I forgot to ask after class. This led to my omission of important information. In the group discussion, I also lacked the spirit of teamwork. I didn't take good care of other people's opinions, which made the process of our group work very slow. I am a person who advocates freedom, so my thoughts will be less practical. My way of learning is not very strict. I like to study when I want to study, instead of treating it as a task. So sometimes I feel that my learning attitude needs improvement. I need to be more active, whether it's in the classroom or in a group discussion.
Recently, I am busy with our business plan and the presentation of the water recycling system with my groupmates. There is no doubt that I want to get the distinction grade, thus I always work hard with my groupmates. But, it is cannot be denied that there is still plenty of weakness in my study:1.     The plans are always very perfect and ideal, but in fact there are many incidents that happen when I am working to the aim. Finally, the results may seem not as good as what planned.2.     I sometimes have no ability to say “no” with my friends. As an extroverted person, I am very easy to go along with that I have many friends. Thus, sometime while I am working or studying, someone may text me for asking me to attend activities. In this situation, it is super difficult for me to refuse the invitation from my close friends though it may influence the original schedule of my work and study, which is really a bad behavior. I think I have to make some change, which means I should reject some invitations, so as to work and study more efficiently and timely.3.     Sometimes I think I do not make full use of the fragmented time, which means I always play video games and watch tv shows between two planned projects. But someone can use theses short period of time do something meaningful such as reading news, check preparations and so on. So, in the future, I will organize the time more scientifically and efficiently.4.     In most occasions, I am very patient and carefully, however, I might be very impatient and easy to lose temper when I meet some problems that worry me a lot. For example, recently my group is working for our business plan, which will be present in week 8 &amp; 9. Now, the week 6 is nearly over, but our progress is slow, which worry me a lot. So in some group talks, as a leader, I often point out the problems directly that may make my groupmates feel a bit uncomfortable and embarrassed. 
with the academic work, but I also feel that I could do more, especially by doing more further reading.
academic work as highly pleasurable.The hourly rate of the lectures and workshops is selected optimally – no too much, no too less. After classes, there is always plenty of time to work by myself at home. Absolutely I’m aspiring to be a distinction grade student. Unfortunately, it will be very difficult to achieve for me because I’m devoting my time not only for academic responsibilities but as well as for my music career, passions and hobbies, self-development, sport and the most time-consuming - work.
he workload will increase, which I'm sure it will when deadlines for assessments get closer. Yes, I do aspire to be a distinction grade student and I intend to do this by staying on top of work and completing it as I get it rather than procrastinating. I worry that procrastination may prevent me from achieving a distinction. However, as long as I keep doing what I am doing and turning up to every lecture, making notes and completing all of the work I am set I am certain I will achieve at least a merit. This, along with staying enthusiastic about the subject and doing as much extra reading as possible, will hopefully push me into the distinction boundary.
workshops and labs, I'm up to date with the labs work (which isn't punctuable for the assignment), and last week we had to do a formative assessment which I'm quite happy with the result (next Friday we'll talk about it with Frank). I don't know if I'll be a distinction student in all the modules but, at least, I'll try to do my best in each of them. Maybe the parts of me that are preventing to be a distinction grade student are my English skills (which fortunately are improving week by week) and my maths skills (which I have to spend many hours refreshing basic concepts).
it's difficult to find a good work life balance, especially when there are a lot of contact hours. That being said, while it's a bit tiring, so far it's alright. I do aspire to be a distinction grade student, I finished the BSc with a first and I would like to at least keep that standard of work up going forward.
characteristics of mine which are keeping me back from achieving my goal. These are:- I tend to complete assessed work very close to the deadline- I am still used to the third year way of working. The degree feels a lot harder, and requires much better planning and preparation.- It is hard to accept that I need to reduce my side activities such as guitar and judo in order to focus on my degree as they are all very essential to me as a person.Considering all of the above I am currently working on myself by setting early deadlines for individual tasks in order to manage everything. I f that does not work, I will need to focus more in my main target which is university by reducing the time given to everything else.
iv>Completion of Term 1 Week 5 LogCompletion of Term 1 Week 5 Log 
red me well for postgraduate study and gave me a great opportunity to self reflect on my strengths and weaknesses in studying. Since beginning my masters course I have tried to put strategies into practise that address weaknesses that I identified from my previous experience. So far I have found these to be mostly successful. I am still trying to refine my time management skills but am making improvements and constantly reviewing my strategies. In terms the academic level of the material being covered, I have found that I am understanding all areas very well. I have also found that all of the material that has been covered is of direct interest to me which has kept my study very engaging.
skill because It has been several years last time I studied mathematics.  Psychoacoustics lecture and Matlab workshop requires some degree of mathematical skills.  I've studied some of the materials, but it would take some time to bring my memories back.  Also, I find that it makes to spend more time in workshop compare to others.  
iv>Completion of Term 1 Week 5 LogCompletion of Term 1 Week 5 Log 
o researching and academic writing by myself but I often doubt that whether the grammar is correct or the source is suitable. I want to be a distinction grade student but I am afraid that my English level and being afraid of difficulties will prevent me from being a distinction grade student.I hope I can improve myself as quick as possible to finish every final assessment.
Now， I often review the content in the class after classes,  and I am not very satisfied for my academic work, because I can not follow the teacher completely. Of course, I aspire to be a distinction grade student. But there are some tips preventing me from being a distinction grade student. I have some bad habits, for example, I often delay my timetable, sometimes I made some timetable for myself, what time to have a dinner, what time to study in the library or what time to watch English movie, but it does not work all the time. It is worthy to say that my study way is not good, actually, I always think that it is low -efficient, I need to spend more time to review the knowlege, and I do not know the key content. In addition, my spoken English is truly bad, and I have to say that the chances of speaking English is less and less, in other words, I do not think that I have an English enviroment after coming to the UK, may because there is much Chineses in our class,so I hope that teachers can help us to contact English man, thank you for that. About poor choices, I am a little confused  about the future career and  so I do not what skill and knowlege I should prepare except the class content . I think the most important thing for me is to improve spoken English because it is useful for my future career when I graduate after this year and I need to improve my professional skill about Engineering Management and have the courage to talk in the class.  Maybe I also need to know more about the engineering industry, which is essential to look for a good job in the futute.
I haven't copied any academic work and I am devoted to being a distinction grade student, however, I think my bad habbits and poor English are preventing me from being a distinction grade student. As known to all, deadline is the first productive forces. I was doing most of my homework which were almost meeting deadline. I have recognized that one of the biggest barrier for me to get distinction is the procastination. In addition to that, I have to admit that my English is not very good, especially in oral English and writing, so I am practising my English everyday by talking to local people, reading scholary articles. I hope to correct my shortcomings and improve my English to get a distinction.
Well. As the saying goes, a soldier who doesn't want to be a general is not a good soldier, so of course I aspire to be an excellent student. But there are still many personal problems that need to be addressed.1.    First of all, I can't arrange my time properly. I can't study efficiently on Friday and Saturday, so all tasks are concentrated on Sunday, which will reduce the degree of completion of the original task. I could have learned more things, but in order to complete tasks more quickly, I ignored many knowledge points that could be further learned.2.    Secondly, pre-class preview and after-class review are not very good. Pre-class preparation helps to better understand new knowledge, and after-class review is for better digestion of knowledge learned. Therefore, the combination of the two can better review the old and learn new things. However, efficient learning in class is the most important part. Only when you listen carefully and take notes carefully, can you fully receive the key points from the teacher. In this way, I can finish the review more efficiently.3.    I do not take an active part in club activities. As a result of my personality, I do not like to go out and meet more people, and the lack of social contact is also a major problem. In this way, my oral English training is reduced, which is not conducive to the improvement of my English.4.    Distractions also occur in class. Maybe because I didn't get a good rest the day before, or maybe because what the teacher said in class was so boring that I couldn't concentrate. But I know it is very bad, and I will try to correct it and make my class time more efficient.The following is my methods to solve these problems above:1.    Make my own to-do list, and plan my fridays and Saturdays properly, reducing my Sunday night workload so that i can set aside more time to rest and be productive on Monday. On this basis, it is also very important to ensure the high efficiency of learning. More things should be done in the limited time, and the extra time can be used for entertainment and dealing with my own affairs.2.    On this plan, sufficient time should be set aside for pre-class and after-class review so that the task can be completed completely. Distractions may be unavoidable, but good control must be exercised to avoid this.3.    Then there is the issue of personal socialization. In order to become better, i must overcome the fear and shyness, and be brave enough to go out and meet more people. Having one more friend may provide one more solution. It's not a loss for myself.The above is my own understanding of myself. I think there may be more factors hindering my progress, but I will seriously reflect on myself and make reasonable solutions. It is my honor to study in this university, so I should cherish the time and opportunity here, so that I can make myself better.
I still remember in the first week, teachers asked whether we want to be a distinction grade student, I stood up at that time and never change my mind since that. I think I still have many problems before I become a distinction student. First is I'm not good at writing so the first thing I want to improve in this year is my writing skills. I was an IPC student last year and I have write many papers but I still do not satisified with my sriting abilitym I think I still need to work hard in the next months. The second problems is I think I don't have enough solid academic training and professional academic ability. I think a distinction student should have the ability to discover and ask questions, to collect and sort literature, to create and clarify concepts, to propose academic propositions or theoretical assumptions, to design research processes, and to be sensitive to academic frontiers and to develop academic imagination. I think I do not have all these abilities now and I'm trying to develop those skills. I think a distinction student should be concentrated, painstaking, and accomplished. I think I cannot concentrate on knowledges because I still want to spend some of my spare time on parties, omputer games and travels. I think I need to spend more time on study.
To cope with the academic work, I usually have a rigorous attitude, but because of that I sometimes hesitate when I do some academic work, not knowing how to decide what is the most important issue. I do aspire to be a distinction grade student, my hesitation is preventing me from being a distinction grade student. Cause hesitation will lead to laziness. The consequence of laziness is that the task at that time cannot be completed on time, and the task at the next section cannot be completed, which affects the completion of the next section. Therefore, I need to exercise my ability to make decisions, refuse to procrastinate and refuse to be lazy. This is a fundamental change of attitude towards learning, which may be difficult, but I will try my best.    Another thing that preventing me from being distinction grade student is emotional instability. International students studyingabroad are usually faced with two problems: one is slowly into the society, itwas one of those special personality open, like dealing with all kinds ofpeople of that kind of, but because it is in foreign country need a strong oralEnglish ability and the ability to sense motive, this for general just forstudents studying abroad, is limited after all, is one of the few; The secondis that, due to the difficulty in integrating into this exotic circle, I willslowly close myself up. For example, I just blindly read books and study. Onweekends, I just blindly stay at home and play online games, and rarelycommunicate with others. As time goes by, it is easy to be withdrawn incharacter, and the isolated self is often one step closer to depression. I am the second kind of student mentioned above, and good emotional management is crucial for my next study.     The last thing that preventing me from being distinction grade student is collaboration with team members. In my own country, the school usually does not emphasize the importance of teamwork, so I lack experience in working together with the team to finish a work, without the team role test in induction week, I even don't know the differences from team role. However, after I came to york university, teamwork is an important skill, not only a skill required by my major, engineering management, but also a way to learn from others. Through the mutual communication with team members, the information obtained in the classroom is integrated and processed together. The result of this learning is very surprising to me. Therefore, I must pay more attention to the skills of learning and communicating with team members, cherish the opportunity of team work, position my role in the team and make contributions to the team.    The above is what I can think of to improve in academic work.
About 90%. Yes. Sometimes,I'm a bit stubborn,perfectionist,and it is hard for to make a choice, especially when there are two things to choose,it is very difficult. I'm a punctual person,but there is one situation I can't forget I want to talk about.When I was the fourth year at university,our tutor selected two students to go to another city to take part in a academic communication seminar. I was very lucky to be one of the two.The seminar began at 9 a.m.,so we booked the flight at 7 a.m.before the day.But I was so excited that I slept little that night.And the next morning I woke up late, at around 6 o'clock.It needed 40 minute from my home to airport.So I felt very nervous,and run out from my home in a hurry. To my surprise, it was raining heavily and still dark outsides.I even can't hail a taxi because of the bad weather.Ten minute later, I waited for a taxi.I told the driver to drive as fast as possible.But because of the heavy rain,there was a serious traffic jams, I became very anxious and yelled at the driver to drive faster, but he told me there was nothing he can do about it.So I called my classmates and told her I was afraid I would be late,I was very sorry about that.They just told me that took it easy and paid attention to traffic safety.When I got there,it was already close to 7：10 a.m. Unfortunately, I missed the flight.The worse thing is that the afterward flight to the city was cancelled because of the bad weather.So I couldn't take part in the seminar.I felt very sorry to my tutor,as I didn't live up to his trust.I felt sorry to my classmate,since I leave her alone.I guess I should have said sorry to the taxi driver,I really shouldn't have yelled at him.After this experience, I did self-reflection.Firstly,I should learn how to  manage time well and make a plan in advance. Secondly, I should consider some uncertain situations that may happen in advance. If I read the weather forecast before the day and leave a part of time for the traffic jams, the bad experience may not happen.After that day, the similar things haven't happened to me.Punctuality is very important for being a distinction grade student.If you submit your report late ,or you are absent for your presentation or exam, it is nearly  impossible to get a distinction grade.Now I feel I'm a bit stubborn,I think I should listen to others' opinions and learn to change my own ideas.I'm a bit perfectionist, I should be more tolerant towards others' flaws,and allow myself and others to make mistakes. Lastly, It is hard for to make a choice, so I think should learn to how to make a choice wisely and how to give up.
I take a very serious attitude towards academic work, and  I can do my best to make every job and every task. I certainly want to be a distinction grade student, of course I need to make a lot of efforts for it. But I have enough confidence to do every job and every task well. In my opinion, the first reason that affects and prevents me from getting distinction grade is whether I can reasonably arrange my time and how to do the most efficient assignments and tasks in a limited time. The second reason is whether I can adapt to the many ways of course tasks, such as our entrepreneurial course tasks. Because for me, the previous learning method did not involve this type of homework at all, and I need to find a lot of information to complete this task. In addition, for the tasks that the team need to be done, whether I can have enough teamwork to complete the group work more efficiently, and achieve mutual help and mutual victory. For example, how to deal with the division of labor of the team to achieve the most efficient and perfect processing and completion of the operation. Here are some details.I am always used to putting my assignments and tasks to submit in the last day, even though I have done it before. The reason is that in my opinion, I still have time to modify, but even though I have not made too many changes. In addition, I always pay attention to the details in the group discussion, which tends to lead to more work and waste time, and doing more meaningless work. On the other hand, I am always not confident enough. This is my biggest bad habit. I can listen carefully in class, but I lack critical thinking. Not brave enough. The questions I ask are always few, and the sound is not loud enough.In the group discussion, I will hesitate and be difficult to make a decision, so I rarely decisively decide whether an idea is feasible or not feasible. This is because I always think too much, I think that every idea has its ugliness and badness. I always pursue perfection. But it is difficult to measure whether it is better than the disadvantage. I don't have the habit of recording and scheduling time. It's a bad habit, so I can't clearly know what to do and how to do the task. It's easy to miss the time to submit.My sense of innovation is very poor. When I face some problems, I am always used to preparing with the experience of others, instead of trying to find a solution that suits me. Lack of carefu. In team work, the member responsible for verification and proofreading is never me. I need to strengthen my exercise in this area.In my life, the biggest bad habit  is that I lack sports and are lazy. I don't like to go to the gym.
In my opinion, I'm good at coping with the academic. I like do that and I like exploring something new. It is interesting. Of course, I want to be a distinction grade student and I will try my best to do that but it is a challenge for me. So I just want to try my best regardless of the results. The biggest part of me preventing me from being a distinction grade student is my laziness. For example, when tutors arrange some homework for us I always put them aside at the first time until the deadline closed. It is a bad habit I need to eliminate for my goal. Secondly, I need to spend some time and energy to handle some life trivia such as shopping and cooking. And it is the first time for me to study aboard and it is the first time for me to live in another country alone. So I'm curious about everything and I want to explore almost everything like parties, making international friends, going to the museum and other interesting activities. It also takes me much time and energy. So I have to keep a balance between study and entertainment and it is a tough process for me. The third part is language barriers. Sometimes it makes a negative impact on my study. At the first time I can not understand the tutors' meaning totally but after a period of time, I get improved in this section. So I need some time to overcome these difficulties but the one-year-Master study is so short that I'm not sure I have enough time to cover it. Fourthly, in my course, group work is an essential part. So I need to learn how to work with my group partners and keep the good concinnous relationship between us. Because different people have different family background and experience, we will have different attitudes to the same thing. So how to handle this kind of conflict is the key thing for me to learn.  In addition, how to match our goals together is the same important. Finally, I don't know whether there will be some accidences including illness and accidence in the future. As we all know poor physical condition will affect our effectiveness badly so I need to take care of my safe and healthy. Only in this way, I can insist on learning. And maybe in the future, after a long period of time I study aboard I will miss my family. Homesick will affect my physical and mental condition to some extent.I really hope that I can get the distinction grade but I don't force me to get that. I just want to try my best and listen to my destiny.
I was not a very diligent person and I was not motivated enough tolearn. I know the library is a good place for learning, and I will have ahigher learning efficiency in the library, because the library has a lot ofuseful learning materials. However, I didn't like going to the library. I thoughtgoing to the library to study was a very troublesome thing.One Sunday afternoon, one of the members of our group used WeChat toask everyone if they would like to study in the library together. Two membersof the group quickly agreed. I didn't reply to the message because I didn'twant to go to the library to study, especially on weekends, so I stayed in myroom and played computer games all afternoon. The next day, when I went to themeeting place with my team members, I heard the three team members who went tothe library together the day before were walking and communicating what theylearned yesterday. In the group meeting, the three team members actively shareda lot of valuable knowledge, much of which came from the books they had read inthe library the day before. I was very mediocre in the group meeting that dayand didn't share much useful knowledge, which made me feel a little frustrated,because I was actually a person who wants to stand out. After the groupmeeting, I realized that my inactivity caused me to fall behind others. Thatnight I thought a lot, I remembered my father used to say to me: people shouldstrive hard when they are young, or they will surely regret when they are old.I decided to make a change, to be a more diligent person, to be more active inlearning, and that was a sign of taking responsibility for myself.I have the bad habit of staying up late. Therefore, sometimes when Iwas in the morning lecture, I couldn't concentrate completely and even fellasleep, so I couldn't absorb the knowledge taught by the lecturer to themaximum extent. In a lecture, I even fell asleep at the first 10 minutes of lecturebecause I was so sleepy. I tend to feel tired after staying up late, which willhave a negative impact on my enthusiasm for learning. Once the enthusiasm forlearning declines, the effect and seriousness of learning will also decline.Sometimes I came home from the university and the only thing I wanted to do wassleep. Therefore, I realized that I should try to get rid of the habit ofstaying up late, which is good for my study and life.Now I understand that as a postgraduate student, I should maintain agood living habit and positive learning attitude. Only in this way can I reallylearn some knowledge that will be helpful to my future career and successfullycomplete my postgraduate study. I will put more energy into study, work harderand try my best to get rid of my bad habits and be a better person.
Definitely, I aspire to be a distinction grade student, not only for application of Ph.D but also for my own principle to be a good one in every group. To be honest, I am not satisfied with my coping with the academic work recently. Even I think I am a bad student in recent time, because I don't work hard in this month. Which part of my is preventing me from being a distinction student? The big and the only problem is me. I think I am easy to be influenced by something about daily life, that is so bad. And I suppose that the language problem is the main reason, but I do not try my best to solve this problem. That means I not study hard enough and I lack of plan for language learning and determination. But I pay more attention to travel and development of my new habits. It's not a right time to let me do that or that means I have not the ability for the balance of study and habits now. Besides, I think to much about some important things in future recently. For example, I need search a teacher to apple my future study in my interesting area. By the way, I plan to come back to China to treat my tooth and so on. Besides, I think I really need a remediation for my last two weeks courses, because I was injured in my right eye in a basketball match, and then I was too relaxed to study well. All in all, I should tell myself that I am a student now, I should focus on my study and have a diligent attitude for my academic work. And do a good preparation for future.To be specific, fristly, I have a bad habits now. I am poor at language and I find the reason why I could not understand the lecture content totally in class is the vocabulary problem. So do a preparation before class is very necessary for me, and there are some materials provided for class in our VLE. Why do not I learn it before class, especially for a student with a low level of English. There is no doubt I should have a habits that I should look through the PPT I will learn and familiar with the professional vocabularies and contents before the beginning of corresponding courses. Secondly, I also should review and neaten the important points in the class as soon as possible. Besides, it is a good idea to write a conclusion and thoughts for the finished class. Because I think it will be useful to help you understand more and maybe you will create some new products. Thirdly, I believe that I should have more communication with my lecturers and be brave to express own opinions and confuse no matter in class or after class. In conclusion, the bad student belongs past two weeks and I will be a diligent student and a better man in future. 
For English learning, I think my weakness now is that I may not have enough courage to make a presentation with confidence. Although I know my teachers and classmates are very friendly and they don't laugh at me when I make some mistakes, I cannot feel comfortable and fluency at present . Therefore, after I know that we have a lot of group work and presentation this year, on the one hand, I am happy that I have so many opportunities to get exercise. On the other hand, I am worried about the results. but In general, I think it is a good thing that I can get real exercise from both my courage and language during this year.I really hope to become an excellent student and learn more job-related skills through this year. However, at present, I still need to improve in many aspects. Sometimes, I feel that my ability that looking up information needs to be improved. I always want to write comprehensively, but when I write the article, the lack of materials makes me seems like less thinking. I hope that I can find the skills for looking up the related material and write an organized article through one year's practice.Secondly, in group activities, my personality is a little strong and anxious, so sometimes I hope the group activities can be carried out more efficiently. I don't think the longer the group discussion , is the better. However, this may lead other team members to misunderstand that I am not actively involved in the work and just want to finish the discussion earlier.I would like to show that I like teamwork, which can simulate our future work mode and cultivate our communication and execution ability. I just hope that our group can finish the work efficiently in the scheduled time for group discussion, and can meet with others in spare time to enhance friendship and separate work time from life time, which will make both our study and life more fulfilling.To this question, I think I need to learn in this year that how to regulate my emotions and pace to adapt to other team members, because they may have different with me about character and execution behavior . in the future work, I  may encounter someone from different country, or different cultural background, so I must learn early that how to tolerance and coordination and make more effective in team cooperation.
Not bad. Yes, I am aspire to be a distinction grade student.     Speaking of the nonproductive behavior, the first one come to my mind is that I am a person who is easily influenced by people around me. For example, if my friend want to go shopping after school, without saying I would like to go home directly to study, I will go to the shop with her, I always afraid that if I do not accompany with her, she may feel lonely. This kind of thing happened many times during my growth, perhaps because my mother was busy with work since I was a child, and my father’s way of raising tends to let me develop an independent personality, so I often disturbing all of my original plans because of other people's arrangements and plans.    Sometimes it is difficult to get rid of too much interpersonal relationships, which leads to a lot of time spent on maintaining friendship and love, leaving less time and space for self-improvement. For example, sometimes, I am addicted to social media, I will spend a lot of time to modify my photos and reply my friends’ comments because I care too much about how others think of me. Due to spend more time than expected in this area, leads that I do not have enough time to calm down to learn and research.    When I was a sophomore, I was very busy and had no sense of accomplishment because of similar things. Later, I started to learn how to refuse, and I realized that although we didn’t do everything together, we are still friends. At that time, I took learning and improving myself as the goal of that period of life. I got up at 7:00 every day to go to the classroom to study English, and then went to the gym after the end of the day, taking a break and went back to the classroom to review the content of the course of the day, which makes me feel a sense of accomplish, at the same time, the relationship between my friends and me became more intimate, when they have troubles in learning, compared to the previous time I said that I do not know either, I could help them to solve the problem.    I have been in the UK for more than one month, but the same problem seems to reappear. The most time spent every day is not the course, the preparation or review, but the thinking of what to eat every day, where to buy things, what to do during the holidays. Distracted by all kinds of things every day, staying in the comfort circle, living a life of recurring, which suddenly makes me forget the reason why I choose to come here. Now is the proper time to change, to learn to reject the temptation in life, thinking carefully about what I want to gain in this whole year and what I need to pay, changing my life into what I want, making the similar decision as I have made when I was an undergraduate student.
I think my academic performance is acceptable. I always previewed the slides before the lectures, and I also did independent study after class. At the same time, I concentrated on the lectures. When I met some challenges, I used to consult the lecturers. It helps me to figure out some learning issues. However, there are still have some academic works confuse me. The way I treat these problems is that I will do research first. If it still can't solve the questions, I will email my supervisor or ask my flatmate who is a native English speaker. They can always give me some conclusive advice. Thanks for them. To sum up, I can basically cope with my academic work, and I relatively recognise my approach.   Definitely, I want to get a distinction degree. I believe that everyone would like to get the best degree during university. Sometimes I lack self-discipline, this might hinder me to get a distinction degree. However, the biggest element that prevents me from getting the distinction will be the cultural obstacle. I need to convert the deep-rooted oriental thinking method and think in a western way. I think critical thinking is the most important, the lecturers have mentioned it many times during the pre-sessional programme and the main course. It can be used in both academic writing and teaching. As I learn more and more and the gradual understanding of western culture, I also feel the significance of critical thinking.  In China, if you want to enter university, we need to pass the college entrance examination at first. I didn't get a good grade in the year when I took the exam, so I didn't have many choices when choosing a school. At the very beginning, when I knew my grade, I chose to escape. I didn't want to face it. In the end, my parents did the decision. Now whenever I recall this thing, I always feel regret. If I study hard in high school and reduce some unnecessary entertainments, I can have a better score. Better scores mean I can make more choices and go to a better school. And I used to couldn't engage in class, so I waste a lot of time during high school. Besides, I like to hangout with my friends, and I think I spend too much time in sports. The worst case scenario is that I sometimes skipped the classes and went to play video game. Now I have learnt something from the past already. I will concentrate on the lectures and won't waste time anymore. I don't want to make the same mistake twice. I want to enhance myself from different perspectives and I will try my best to do it.
In my opinion, academic work is the ultimate goal ofour study. We use the expertise and knowledge that we have learned for school toapply work and life in the future. I think the foundation of academic work isthe pre-study and after-school review of every class, as well as remember readthe book list what the teacher asked. Since I was a child, I have been doing myhomework seriously, listening to the teacher's requirements, eager to become agood student. I think there have some part that to become a distinction grade students,however there still have many deficiencies that I need to be improved andstudied so far.Firstly, I think as a qualified studentfrom master degreed need to foucus on what we want. In my case, because of theeducation in China, students need to studied really hard to get into the university.However the students can graduated more easier than get into school. That isthe reason why the students always get lost when they were a fresh man inuniversity. Without the difficult homework and the stress from parents, people willforget what they need to do. That is the reason why I think the most important thingfor the master students is to find the things that people really want to do. Thereis three part that I think I may need to improve. Secondly, the academic work is based on the professionalintellectual, I think this part is the foundation for our study. Nowadays, moreand more companies need compound talents, which means we have to learn more to getthe requirements. Not just understand  whatyou learn, we also need to know some professional-related knowledge to enrichour skills. All in all, students need to learn more and get more technicalskills for our career.Thirdly, persistence is the precious quality that weare indispensable in the learning process. People needs to learn to adhere thatpeople can have a better achieve in goals and have better life what we want. Ovidsaid ""although patience and persistence is a painful thing, but it can gradually bring you good."" We will encounter more complex and more difficult problems to solve inthe future. At this time, people must have this perseverance to complete itinstead do not to escaping it. There will have a lot of academic problems thatwe have not solved in our academic work. In that moment, this kind of  spirit will tell people do not give up.Finally, I think it is complicated to explain how tobecome a qualified student. I just talked about three part of this topic. Therestill have a lot of part that I cannot mention in this file. There also have a lot ofthings that I need to improve. However, never too old to learn, keepthe curiosity and the spirit you want to know. I think if people can introspectionand summary their own experience in the pass, the people will be a really goodstudent in the future.  
When coping with my academic work, I am really responsible and try my best to finish each part of work well. I am quite confident to say I do it seriously with rules and requirements. Normally, I can get a good grade in academic work. One month ago, I successfully passed the pre-session with good grades. Although it's incredible to meet the situation that I cannot solve the problems, I normally ask help from internet and my classmates with a positive attitude. Like most of students, I aspire to be a distinction grade student. Because the distinction grade does not only show the achievement of my effort in a period of time which can encourage me to continue working hard but also help me to find a good job in the future. I am working hard to be a distinction grade student. However, there are many obstacles such as I do not have a good studying habit and I am a procrastinator in fact. I usually work inefficiently because of being easy to be distracted and having bad time management, especially when I am in college, I have a lot of spare time to arrange by myself. For example, when given a task on Thursday, I usually deal with it on Saturday and everything takes twice as long as I should spend. Because I always listen to music or watch videos while I study and I keep the social software always opening which let me have to chat with my families and friends when they send message to me. Actually, I am quite worried about this bad habit while I cannot control myself to be concentrated on one thing (especially study) for long time. When I meet the situation, I usually stay up late to make up the time I wasted. Although it can guarantee that I finish the task, I lost much time and sometimes have a relatively bad mental state in class of next day. Besides, some of my studying habits are really poor. I do not like to take notes in class, though I listen to the tutor earnestly and remember what he/she said at that time, I generally forget some important viewpoints after class. Because of not taking notes, I have to review the reply to recall. It is time-wasted. And I also do not like reviewing, which let me have to get a big task of organizing  all the notes in a short time before assessment. Besides, when I search and read the useful sources, I normally do not mark the origins and link of articles. Which leads to a problem that I cannot use these sources at once while I need them. It seems a niggling, but searching again and again is quite inefficient, especially when you have to find many sources. Last but not least, I have a bad studying habit of carelessness, I often make mistakes in spelling, grammar and ignore the required formatA. Which always let me lose points in assessment. 
actually, I was really happy to share my problems with you, everyone has a bottleneck period to spend ,and everyone has to overcome some difficulties, it is normal to have a break time ,to take a breath from your busy study, but do not  indulge yourself , you need to know the direction ,and try hard to reach the destination. sometimes ,people wants to be lazy, and I am no exception, like it will be a long time to hand out my assignment, or I just don not want to study sometimes. lots of people  think they can not have any time to waste, they must work hard at any time.i am not exception, I really feel urgent when I study ,time goes fast, the day I arrived in York like yesterday , one year is not long as I thought.when I getting familiar with the life in York, I began to indulge myself, like not focus on class, delay in writing assignment, and sometimes I would like I do not want to do my  homework, cause it is a little bit hard to me, but my heart told me that is wrong, so I lie to myself, pretend to write my assignment, but my mind is not in my assignment, in this situation I display some nonproductive behaviors. speaking of bad habits, all of us want to be perfect, we all do not want bad habits, but it is impossible that there is someone who do not have bad habits, even a saint. I can not say I have no bad habits, but I can say  I try hard  to change my bad habits, like sometimes I  was have no motivation to study hard, or to reach the destination , I was too lazy to do some assignments, and  some times I was afraid to lose face ,so I try not to show my opinions in public or show myself in public. I know it is a bad habit, but in Chinese culture, losing face is a very horrible behavior, so I try to reduce the impact, and to be a more positive ,opening person.  
In thepast few decades, I have rarely dealt with academic work. In China, studentsare more likely to complete homework and pass the exams at the university.Since coming to York University in August, I have been treated with rigorousattitudes in the face of academic work. But I still can't admit that I am adistinction grade student. What prevents me from becoming a good student is thelack of time management and the execution of the plan.In pastfew years, my work was more followed by the company's plan, or deal withsuddenly urgent problems in China. The time of study after work usually is only4 to 6 hours a day. I was used to scheduling small plans, and doing short timemanagement. After coming to York, the time management is long span of time, andthere is a lot of free time every day.AlthoughI have a plan each week, but the implementation is not good. For example, thisweekend, I originally planned to finish the blog homework and market researchsummary of enterprise course on Friday night, complete the study on e-learningon Saturday, and have a vist to a friend's house on Sunday. In fact, afterfinishing the group discussion on Friday, I went back to the dormitory. I felta little tired and hungry. I went to the kitchen to make dinner for myself.After eating, I watched my favorite anime for relaxing. As a result, I onlycompleted the blog assignment on Friday.I went tothe supermarket on Saturday and bought some ingredients which planned to bringto my friend's house on Sunday. When I was back and turned on the computer,another friend said that she was in a bad mood and wanted to go to theHalloween party in the evening to change her mood. Although I know that thereis a study plan, I still promised my friends to join the party. For this sudden event, I put aside the study, began to take a bath, andgave myself make-up, changed clothes and so on. When I back to the dorm afterthe party, it was very late. This directly affected the lunch on Sunday.Becausethe party was too late, I could not get up on Sunday morning. Our lunch startedat 2 o'clock today. And we chatted until 5 o'clock. After leaving my friend'shouse at 6 o'clock, I start to finish the content of the e-learning at thismoment. Although I am very happy with my friends this weekend, but there arestill a lot of learning content left unfinished at this moment. My heart isstill very tormented now.I don'twant to be a good student, I am also trying to be a good student and planningmy time. However, the lack of execution of the plan and poor time managementhave cost me a lot of time. Maybe I should refuse a friend's party invitation,or go home early, but I don't know why, my choices make my remaining study timeless and less on Sunday, and the learning task is getting heavier and heavier.
I believe that my academic performance is qualified. I can finish the homework assigned by the teacher in time, listen carefully to the class, never leave the group discussion, be able to give my own opinions, and actively complete the work that the group is responsible for.I am of course eager to be a good student.But I am sure there are still a lot of bad places to do to hinder my success.First of all, I am not a very active student. I have a very serious procrastination. I almost never think about doing it early, I always rushed to complete before I dragged it to the deadline. Although the homework is completed, the quality of the work that has been rushed to complete is inevitably not high enough to carry out enough thinking to complete the work.The self-consciousness of my study is not very strong. I will have the habit of pre-study before class. It is entirely because I have some very good classmates and friends. They will remind me of the pre-study before class and will be very active after class. Communicate the content of the class with me and remind me of the deadline of each class. Without them, I think most of my time may be watching movies, playing games, and learning until I have to do it.I don't want to go out of my comfort zone. In a field I am familiar with or encounter a topic I am familiar with, I will be very active in solving problems or completing tasks. Once I encounter a topic that I am not familiar with or that I am not interested in, my consciousness will be greatly reduced. Someone needs to push me behind me. I know that this is not good, but it is always difficult to overcome.My ability to concentrate is not very good. It is easy to be influenced by the things around me. It is very difficult to concentrate on learning. In the process of learning, even if no one around me disturbs me, I always grind it. Look at this and look at it. I can't concentrate on completing the task all at once, which makes my efficiency very low.I am a person who is very afraid of difficulties. There is a saying in China that ""the difficulty is like a spring. If you are strong, it will be weak. If you are weak, it will be strong."" I often enlarge the difficulty and feel that I can't overcome it, but in fact many At the time, I will solve the problem smoothly with the encouragement of others. But in the face of difficulties, my first reaction was to escape.I am also a person who has no innovation. Today's technology is developing with each passing day. Every day, new products are available. Many things that existed in the imagination have become reality, but I don't have so much imagination. I think It will become a stumbling block on my academic path. I only know that I can solve problems with the experience of my predecessors. If I don't innovate, I can't achieve new achievements.
As I mentioned before, teaching methodshere are quite different from where I used to study. I am still trying to copewith such pace, but I wouldn’t know what I am really capable of before themarks for my final assignments come out, hopefully I can get a good result. Whowouldn’t want to be outstanding in academic field? But you have to admit it ispartially depending on your talent. Of course, you can make some compensation byhard working, so lazy is another issue. The last but not the least, timemanagement is vital when facing lots of works to do. If you don’t manage yourthings right, you would become less efficient and chaotic. Human being is not designed to be flawless,we make all kind of poor judgement and do stupid things. I was in a situationthat a group of people are been affected by bad moods and became nonproductive.I have been working for nearly 6 years bynow, before join this program I was working in the Overseas department of ChinaInternational Telecommunication Construction Corp Design Institute. (AKACITCC) since my graduation. My job responsibility is survey and design thelayout for optic fiber cable and transmission equipment. This situation happenedwhen I was working in The Republic of Congo. The whole project can be roughlydivided into several parts, feasible study phase, initial survey phase, thoroughdesign phase, operating phase, check and accept phase and maintenance phase. Inthe several phases at beginning our company tend to put lots of man power inthe field and nearly 70 to 80 percent of the people will get back to Chinaafter the design phase. That’s where things go wrong.When we finished the design phase mymanager wants to take a break, so he decided to put me in charge. I was prettyconfident about myself at that time, so I took the position and start torunning the things on daily bases. My company arranged seven people in Kinshasawhich is the capital of The Republic of Congo, because we have completedmost of our job responsibility as design institute. Most team members are aboutthe same age like me, young and energetic. Stay in Kinshasa after design phasemeans you will stay in a foreign country for at least ten month and will seldomhave the chance to step out of the base due to the possibility of civil war. We talk about how much we miss our home allthe time and news related to the civil war crisis keep pop out. I neverconsidered this as a problem, because I thought we were just doing some smalltalk. Suddenly, the mood of homesick and fear start to spread like wild fire.No one wants to do anything anymore and some people start to consider goingback home. I contact the ambassador in the first place and find out thesituation was not as bad as people thought, but I failed to calm our team. BecauseI have never considered such bad mood could be so contagious and serious. Three people got replaced, that’s what Igot from this situation. Some tiny things might influence people in a way thatyou can’t even imagine. Bad moods paralyzed my team and I failed to contain itbefore it caused severe damage. It may sounds quite silly, but indeed, it happened.
I extremely aspire to be a distinction grade student and I hope that I can finish work well and in time. Although sometimes I think study is boring, I will try my best to achieve my target. In my own opinion, I have a lot of bad habits - laziness. For example, when I have spare time or I am off class, I may lie in my bed and play my smart phone rather than read books. Compared with reading academic books or article, I prefer entertainment news, sports news or novel which can make me feel very well and relax myself although I know these are all useless for my academic work. Besides, I was also addicted to computer games. When I was in China, I always played games myself or with my friends when I had time. Fortunately, I cut out this bad habits now. Thus, I think I will have more time to focus on my homework and academic work. In addition, in the past, I always made poor choices. After college entrance examination, to avoid the girl who refuse my love, I made a extremely foolish decision - I chose a university which was not that good because I did not want to meet that girl.     It now appears that it is undoubted stupid decision and I swear that I will never do similar things in future.Up to now, I am still dissatisfied because I always be late. I do not know why I am used to be late in many situations - I am late on class , I am late on date and party. I know this is a bad habit but I just can not overcome it. I am always be late about 1 or 2 minutes. Some people tell me that it does not matter for being late such few minutes but I am still angry about myself for my lateness. I hope that I can overcome this bad habit in this term and not be late anymore. Actually, I am also a pessimist because I have failed many times before. Thus, I always  think that result may be bad. However, sometimes this is not a bad mentality. Because I am afraid that I will fail so that I have to pay more attention and focus on my work and my performance to succeed. Therefore, Pessimism is also my motivation.To draw a conclusion, these are bad things which prevent me from being a distinction grade student. To be a distinction grade student, I have to overcome these shortcomings and become more competitive not only in the following time of my postgraduate course but also in my future life.
I think good students have to be defined in two ways. On the one hand, the level of academic achievement, on the other hand, the development of personal qualities. I think that the two can't be evaluated separately in evaluating whether a student is good or not. The definition of a good student is often misunderstood as a good student. A person who has good academic performance but no other skills cannot be called a good student. I believe that good students must have self-management, self-awareness, self-learning, and more importantly, self-confidence. However, like me personally, I think that what I lack most is self-management skills, especially in terms of time management. I always accumulate tasks until one second before handing in. Although this is a bit exaggerated, it is enough to reflect my fault. At the beginning of the task, I often feel that the time is a lot of dragging and dragging time, and there will be little left, which will affect the quality of the task completion. It is also because my problem often makes me think that there are still tasks that are not completed when I am entertaining. This will be the efficiency of learning is not high, playing and playing is not fun. So I think I am not a good student in this aspect.Let me talk about my desire to be a good student. I think everyone will have such a desire. A good student will get more respect from others. A person’s excellence will make he or she feels more in the face of others. full of confidence. Through my summary of myself, it is enough to prove my desire to be a good student.In dealing with academics, I am demanding myself with rigorous, honest, and hard-working standards. In the process of class, we strive to absorb knowledge. When we write the report, we try our best to require every word to be rigorous. Every sentence is well-founded. The summary of other people's views also has a corresponding basis. Treating academics is something that cannot be sloppy. This is the respect of every knowledge learner for what he has learned. I think that treating academics is just like being a human being. How do you treat it and what kind of feedback it will give you.
I have a very good example of a situation when my badchoices and behaviors avoid me to achieve my goals. As I stated before in the e-log, one of my goals was tostudy a master abroad. And for that purpose, I apply at least two consecutiveyears to universities in Europe. And in both years, I was accepted by theuniversities. But coming to Europe is very expensive to me. So, to come tostudy, to pay the tuition fees and have money to the daily life, I needed toget a scholarship. In those two years procrastination could more than me. Ireally never put effort on getting the required scholarship to achieve my goal.Maybe because at that moment that goal was to far to my vision. This is an excellent example of how bad decisions, choicesand attitudes apart me from what I really wanted.Then, one day I realized that I was letting go the time andmy opportunities. It was a strong change in my mindset. So, for thirdconsecutive year, I applied to a university to study my master. This time I didthe things very different.  I did a bigresearch in the universities options, the MSc offers, the modules included inthe courses, and (one of the most important things) I did a deep scholarships investigationto fulfill the expected requirements and documents. There were difficult timestrying to gather all the information and it requires a lot of effort but aftersome hard work, focus and commitment in the target, I finally got the requiredscholarship needed to come to here.Once started my MSc course, I found that the academic work presentedand expected at the University of York represents a new challenge to me. Is noteasy. Some modules are entirely new to me. Some information is hard to understandat a first glance. But I feel confident in my study process and, I believe inmy ability to develop new skills and I’m self-learner. I have confidence in mypersistence to find what need to be done. This stage of my life is aninteresting combination between research and execution. So far, I am dealingwell with the work given by the different modules. Studying a master is a goalbut is not only to come a university and attend the lectures.  My goal also includes to be recognized as anoutstanding student with a distinction. As a summary, the most difficult obstacle to me is procrastination.I tend to put other things in the front of the queue instead of completing myhome works and assignments. And those excuses include often doing anotherleisure activities. Like watching movies, listening to music, wasting time onsocial media, talking with friends, etc.… I really know that all these are excusesthat stops me in doing what I really need to do. And even when I acknowledgeprocrastination, I need to perform actions against it to fight effectively. Ihave made a commitment with myself to change my behaviors and thoughts tocomplete satisfactorily my tasks.
At present, my academic performance in general, most of our courses or on the basis of the study, including business, marketing and technical courses, such as programming basis and foundation of signal, I think everyone came to york university is the excellent student want to be a have many abilities, but before the goal, need a lot of effort, you will first need to good enough knowledge, this is our current stage, the second we need plenty of experience, which includes interpersonal experience, also include the project experience, of course, also need a good team.I now difficulties mainly come from the lack of information, the school provides many learning materials, but don't know what is what we really need, and I to screening of this piece of information is scarce, especially in the study materials including the content of the different content, such as at the same time involved in technology research, and talk about market analysis of this problem, let me very upset, because I'm not good at understanding both the content of the meanings, another difficulty is that I am satisfied with the present team isn't particularly, two foreign students thinking logic and I difference is bigger, is I can't understand what they think of,So I have a very negative reaction at times.
It has been five weeks since the postgraduate programme has commenced and it is now I could start feeling the pressure of the assignments and deadlines coming up. To talk about coping with the academic work, as of now, I have been just following the lectures and notes then and there and also solving some example sheets for some of my modules. For the last four weeks it was all about just filling in the elogs, but now with the enterprise module group presentation coming up in week 8, I feel little tightened by the deadlines by collecting relevant information and preparing for the presentation and organising them. But still, I find them fun to learn new things and to get experience out of it.As every student wishes, I also aspire to be a distinction grade student, and I hope to end up to be one. So, I guess this is the path which will be the road for it. I am planning to make the best out of the opportunities and chances that are given to me during the duration of the course. Every assessment will be an excellent opportunity to level up myself with the feedback report. I hope to make the best use of this master’s programme to improve the personal and technical skills of mine.So, it has been three years since I have completed my undergraduate degree and after gaining industrial experience in-between these years, I am into my student life all again. It has been three years since I have kept myself away from the words “essays”, “assessments”, “exams”, and mainly “results”. But now all of these again coming back in my life I feel nervous as well as excited to face them all again. Though I had stayed away from my university life for a long time now “deadline” is the one thing that has kept me running through my work life. I feel the gap between my undergraduate and postgraduate may be a barrier for scoring my distinction.Sometimes I feel overconfident which has yielded me bad results. And also I have never got the habit of doing things in prior, I always plan it in a way so that I can submit the reports before the deadline. To share about a situation, even for my UK Visa application I applied for it just three days before my travel. I always feel overconfident in most of the challenging circumstances, though I have succeeded sometimes, I have always wanted to change that in me so that it could help me in developing myself to achieve my academic and professional goals.
First of all, in terms of academic issues, I have experienced four years of undergraduate education in China and have some basic professional knowledge. I think I have the confidence to complete my postgraduate study. So confidence seems to me to be the most important thing. Because last year experienced a year of preparatory courses education, a lot of professional knowledge has been used for a long time. I have also experienced the situation that I believe that my performance in basic courses is not as good as my own ideal, that I can enter the learning state faster than others, and that my ability to accept new knowledge is not as strong as others'. But lack of confidence is the first thing that holds a person back from growing. Only with enough confidence can one have the courage to face all the challenges. For me, I come to study abroad, facing the knowledge of different languages and many unfamiliar fields. However, learning is a challenging process. For me, I don't think it is difficult, because I regard it as a new challenge. Learning without challenge lacks a lot of fun. So it's often growing to be positive about the difficulties.Because there are many differences between the postgraduate study and the previous study, it often requires strong initiative learning ability. Because there's no teacher or family to remind you every day of what you need to learn. It's not very good for me, but it's important so I push myself every day to make learning my own business. Only when learning becomes your own thing instead of being a burden and burden, can you truly step into learning, discover the mystery of learning, feel the fun of learning, and learn into a virtuous circle. What's more, the common phenomenon is that those students with excellent academic performance have a common characteristic, that is, they can voluntarily and voluntarily study. Therefore, in the following study, I need to work hard to improve the initiative, involvement and interest in learning. This is not only great for graduate study, but also important for future work.The third point is the accumulation of knowledge. After entering graduate school, I need to make clear plans and plans for my study. I also need to read the introductory and overview papers in my field, that is, the most basic things of this subject, and know the basic concepts, terms, basic problems and basic analytical methods of this subject. Then I read a lot of literature on this subject.After several weeks of study, although I have full confidence in learning, I still need to improve a lot. I believe that I will improve myself step by step in the future
In the busycollege life, different students have different academic attitudes. Some peoplethink that students should have the freedom to choose their academic attitude.I totally disagree with that, I think as a student, we have an obligation totake every student job seriously. Although I sometimes have some negativelearning situations myself, I will encourage myself to overcome everydifficulty.On the onehand, negative situations are inevitable, and I was negative before I becamedisciplined. For example, I got up every morning to read in English or listento the BBC, but I am often attracted by the warm quilt. Got to class on time(unlike now, arriving early) in order to get more sleep. Always have additionaldiscussions with classmates in class. After the class, focus on the game ratherthan preview and consolidate the knowledge. All of these things are common badbehaviours, and in those cases, I may know that it is wrong, but like a drugaddict, does not try to control their behaviour. In the context ofself-criticism, this is wrong.Another negative aspect is laziness.Laziness is that characteristic that many people have, because they have ahappy life and the warm, growing environment that their parent have provided,so they lose little enthusiasm for hard work and indulge themselves. I think that students by their parents to give hope or have theirown dream to realise, we should strictly control their own behaviour, in apositive, enthusiastic attitude to face the academic work. Just like in themovie ""Forrest Gump"" the protagonist said 'Miracles happen everyday.’. Miracles are the inevitable result of our everyday efforts.So, run,me, and fight for your dreams.(In thisquestion, I personally believe that reflecting on my own wrongdoing can help mesucceed. As a student, how to learn self-discipline is necessary, but thisproblem needs to be improved. We need feedback and thinking instead of makingup stories. I had tried my best to answer this question, but it is difficult tomeet the requirement.)
As an international postgraduate student, I know Ihave to focus more on the academic work, because the language is not my motherlanguage. In the lectures, I must concentrate on what the lecturer say. Once Ihave any inattention, I can not follow the lecture. It is a huge challenge tome, even all students whose mother language isn’t English. But for now, I canfollow the teacher and understand the contents.For me, being a distinction grade student is always isalways a dream. When I was in primary school, middle school and high school, Ialways was one of the distinction grade student. However, the failure ofChinese College Entrance Examination affected me a lot in my college life. Iwas upset to study. I don’t like my university in China, so I didn’t get goodgrades in my university. Now I am a student of University of York, I feel veryexcited and more power to study. I want to be a distinction grade studentagain!But be a distinction grade student has a lot ofchallenges. The first thing is laze. When a student is lazy, he can not getgood grades in his courses, even get no-pass grades. So I need to be veryhard-working in study, overcome the laze. Secondly, the language is still achallenge. Because in my past study, I always use Chinese to understand thecourse contents. And our teachers barely use English to give us lecture, thetext books are Chinese as well. For me, this is the first time I face all theknowledge given by English instead of Chinese. Sometimes, I need to search somewords in dictionary and find out the meaning of words. Even if some knowledge Ihave learned before, I still have some confuse by the specific terms. They arenot very easy to understand. The final thing is self-control. The ability ofself-control is very important to everybody, especially to students. If a studenthas the ability to self-control, he can easily prevent the external distraction.For example, when he is working, he can not be disturbed by anything. And heknow which thing he can do and which thing he can not do. But it is difficultto do self-control.   These three challenges are preventing me frombeing a distinction grade student.Before I came to the UK, I was addicted to playingcomputer games and it affected my normal life. I know the harm of addiction togames, but I couldn’t control myself. It was a painful time. I have spent a lotof time to get out of games by doing other interesting things. I tried to startreading some books, exercising. Gradually, I became bored at playing computergames. I am not addicted to it anymore.  
There are a few situations where I could exhibit nonproductive mannerisms. One situation where this could be apparent is when I visit my mother's house either on the weekdays or the weekend as I find myself having to help around with the many house chores such as cleaning, and help take care of family members and pets. When I say I take care of pets, I have 3 fully grown German Shepherds which require a lot of time to groom, walk, feed and play with. By the time I have finished all my chores I find myself procrastinating online via YouTube or Facebook, and I am zapped of energy to engage with academic work and leave it until the next day or as soon as I return to my term-time address. The chores themselves are not poor choices, but rather the lack of time management on my off hours is a poor choice as it leaves me no time or energy to be productive with academic work. This could be a bad habit as this could be what will happen when I visit my mother's house on a regular basis. This nonproductive behaviour could be rectified by devising a schedule for my off hours away from the University of York.Another situation where it could be a struggle to engage with academic work is when I have friends over from either university or from outside of academics. In this situation, it could be highly unlikely that any work will be done as soon as I hang out with my friends, as again this is outside of the university hours. We would either watch TV or Netflix or end up going out into York. This could also happen if I went over to a university friend's accommodation or if they come over and we have the intention of revising or doing group work during my undergraduate studies. This is bad nonproductive behaviour because again, academics could be pushed aside in favor of spending time with friends, and could be disastrous if this type of behaviour was to persist near examination times of assignment hand in dates. The correct way to approach this bad habit would be to put the correct time management in place and to schedule such events as meeting my friends away from times/dates I should spend on my academics, and treat my social life as a reward after completing work tasks. Another way to rectify this issue would be to organize revision/work to be on campus and away from our homes so there is less chance of feeling too comfortable at home and being distracted. By being in an academic setting, it will be more productive to complete work and less chance of procrastinating.Please note that this is me responding to this exercise with situations in a theoretical setting, meaning this is not always the case and this only serves as illustrating the potential ways that I could be distracted. Please be assured that the correct time management will be in place for my academics.
First of all, when I write academic essay, I will learn what should I do and what should not I do.For example, I will learn what is academic misconduct, including personation, plagiarism, cheating and so on, which is very important for our essay. I also will learn importance of reference. Because references are the basis of  our essay, whatever we write we need evidence to be our basis, and then we argue and we come to our conclusion. And the essay has its format requirement, how to write a clear essay is very important. Secondly, I think every student wants to a distinction grade students, so I am not exception. Of course,  I am not a distinction grade student until now because I have many defects. In the end, I will talk about my own strengths and weakness, mainly those that prevent me from being a distinction grade student. First, I am lazy, I always think about moving things to tomorrow, and then there will be countless tomorrows and I cannot be able to finish my homework at the end. Second, I like to play game, although I am good at it. This will waste a lot of my time. Maybe sometimes playing games can help us relax and this also is a form of entertainment, but when I play too much, it is addictive games, not conducive to learning. And then I always am hesitation. When we discuss tasks and need to have idea, sometimes I have many ideas, but I cannot decide which one is best and which one I should choose. Of course, sometimes I do not have any ideas, which is more maddening. Finally, I think the most important thing is language. I came to England and English is my second language. I also know my English is not good, so sometimes I am difficult. For example, sometimes I cannot communicate well with others, especially when discussing in groups. Sometimes in class, I cannot fully understand what the teacher says, which is a big obstacle for my study.
Usually I will complete my academic work carefully and try my best to do it.  And of course I am eager to be an excellent student, but sometimes  some of my bad habits and personality  will prevent my success.First, I lack ambition. If I have to compete, I would never think I have to be first. Once, I had a speech competition.As it was just a recreational competition ,I did not pay much attention to it.I started to prepare the speech the day before the competition while others prepared a week in advance. Of course I did not win at the end.When I saw others win the prize ,I was disappointed,then I began to reflect on why I did not work harder at first. I think this is a big disadvantage of mine,  I do not strictly require myself, so I often feel regretful for the results. The second problem is procrastination.When I need to complete a task or a work, I seldom consciously look up materials and prepare in advance. I always procrastinate and waste my time on many meaningless things.Although I still hand in my homework on time, to be honest, I really hate that sense of urgency. Moreover, my procrastination will affect the quality of my homework, which is not conducive to my study.I've tried to do a timeline, but it's not binding on me because I still don't do what I'm supposed to do.I am really not good at managing my time.
Since from the start i feel so much difficulties even i don't know how i can get started things then with time and teaching strategies of York university was amazing how they guide us in a very efficient way.In the start i thought i cant make it right for me because in the start it was looking so much difficult and now after week 5 i am feeling so much positive in getting distinction grades and i start making researches about many things.The worst thing i feel in the start was my time management i didn't realize at where i have to spend time so much that makes me in trouble so now with time i get to that point and i got it how i can used my time effectively and which things are really important for.The best strategy which i applied to my daily life was writing things on diary with title ''Things to Do'' on daily basis i write something on night i have to do those things tomorrow and i will start doing in the start that was really cool thing and a best way of using your time.Another great step i choose was using bicycle as in the start i spent my two hours daily for commuting on bus which was a waste of time and then i realize it would be great if i start riding a bicycle and then i found a cycle track which was quite near to University of York so now it takes me only fourteen min to reach at University.Another bad habit which i was is taking  decision with reflecting now i am in a situation where if i want to take steps then i start thing about that decision positive and negative aspects and with the force of resilience and i think it will go towards positive side i will start doing that without hesitation  and without fear of failure,if i got fail then it will be lesson for me of learning so in the future i will take care of those things.Furthermore,in the start i was so nervous how we will work in team and i didn't take any steps in improving it but during enterprise module now i take big step to improve communication between team members,i start sitting in between Chinese mates so if they want to talk with each other they should speak English,in a more entertaining way.Just trying to overcome communication barrier between team members and amazing thing it worked now they start communicating and it gives me so much happiness now we have won presentation competition in strategic management class and now we have strong intentions about our enterprise business idea we really want to smash it with good logic and research with great innovative idea.Moreover,i start learning writing skill on my own i start reflecting on my previous e log entries what i wrote?and how i wrote?how i can make it correct and it  helps me a lot in improving my writing skills and still i need a lot of work on it and i am so positive in learning all those skills 
At present I am coping fairly well with the workload, I dobit by bit, so I don’t have to leave it last minute. This gives me enough timeto work on grey areas to make it perfect.I aspire to be a distinction student as I believe I have thecapabilities to achieve the high grade and work ethic. What is currentlypreventing me from being a distinction student is time management. It is onlyweek 5 and I feel that I haven’t fully settled in York and my course. I dothink that once I’m into the swing of work; I’ll be able to do well.My unproductive behaviour is putting off any reading until Ihave to do it rather than planning it in advance, I don’t like to read so I tendto procrastinate. This is a bad habit of mine as I could manage time well andmake notes for the assignment beforehand.Another bad habit is not drafting my assignments, this iscrucial as it gives me an idea of what to write instead of diving in to theassignment without any prior research and ideas. I used to think drafting was awaste of time but it really helps to structure and organise a report. I endeavourto plan ahead for all my reports in masters as I want a good grade whengraduating.Another unproductive habit of mine is not letting go ofminor details easily, I can be a perfectionist which means I waste a bit oftime refining mundane issues. I should need to prioritise what is important andwhat isn’t according to mark schemes; and what the lecturer/marker is looking forwhen making the assignment.I also sometimes drift off and day dream when I cannotconcentrate, to challenge this, I want to get up and go for a walk, so it encouragesmental and physical stimulation. I tend to do this when I get bored and breaks lessfrequently.
I have found myself many times in funny situation where I will be showing  lackadaisical attitudes towards my studies. Some times it could be in form procrastination of things to be done at a given time but will rather postpone it. Some times it could be coldness of the weather that will make me to stop whatever reading I am doing and go to bed under cover.There was a time that through out the Saturday, I did not achieve the set target for the day simply because I was fixated on social media, chatting with and video calling family members and loved back home in my home land. Some times hanging out with friends could also hinder me from not giving attention and time to self-study. This could be in the form of friends paying you a visit or inviting me over for coffee or other  social functions and sporting activities. Worst of all is when I want to be unnecessarily lazy when I ought to be up and running in the face of pending assignment. This could be as a result of my mood at that time. For instance I could just feel like not wanting to have anything to do with my studies for a period and would not be doing something productive as well. I will just decide to be on the bed not doing something tangible with my time.However, while all these are going on, my intuition will be telling me ''you have not achieved anything for that day'' until I will come to the consciousness of readiness to go back to studies.It is such a funny feelings when I experience such moments. However, I have since overcome the unpleasant occurrences. This I did by constant realization of the primary objective of my being in York and studying at the University. I also develop a self study time-table which must be strictly adhered to on module by module on daily and weekly basis.  In conclusion, I like to graduate in good standing and be the best I can be after the completion of the course. This has indeed been yielding results as best it could.
It is hard to tell how well I am coping my work. Sometimes, I think what I did has covers many aspect and there could be a throughout analysis to a project or a topic. However, the fact is there must be something I did not consider well or what I consider was wrong. So, the thing is not how well I think my work is. What I care most is how well my academic work really is. What I can do is first try to do my best to finish the work, then, if I can receive the feedback from the marker, I could fins what I did wrong or what is correct. Then, I can try to avoid making mistakes and achieve a better result. Of course I am aspire to be a distinction grade student. It is hard to tell which part is preventing me from being a distinction student. I am trying to find the bad habit or drawbacks, but what the truth is that if someone can find and improve or overcome every bad habit on themselves, then, everyone could be a successful man. However, it is impossible for everyone to be successful. I consider it is a great success that someone could fine or realize there are some bad habit on them. Trying to overcome these bad habits is another story. I can list one bad habit on myself. But I is hard to say that I can 100 percent get rid of them. Firstly, sometimes, I tend to make decision to fast. This is not a good habit, because sometimes people, at least for me ,could not be able to make right decision immediately. Usually, people need time to consider whether their choice is correct. Currently, when I need to make a decision, I always try to calm down and think is that what I really want to do. 
During my two years of working time, I felt that working in a company was to use my life to exchange money. In the process, I could not learn what I was interested in. So I decided to go back to college because I love electronic technology very much. When I was in junior high school, I started to learn computer programming, but it also let me ask a question, that is how the computer works after I press the power button, so I chose electronic engineering at the university. It can be said that electronic design is my favourite thing on the planet. It is my pleasure to study DSE at York University. I think that the purpose of going to college is not to be a good student, but to learn knowledge and apply these techniques to improve human society and life in the future, such as when we develop faster computers that can help solve medical research problems or improve the accuracy of weather forecasts to prevent natural disasters. When you know what you want to do and have a clear goal in life, what you do makes you naturally become a good student in college and become a good employee in the company. When it comes to non-productive behaviour, the most common situation in college is that when students don’t understand something, some people prefer to try to solve the problem by themselves and finally waste a lot of time. In this case, In fact, you should go to the lecturer for discussion, or ask classmates to study together. Maybe the problem you feel difficult is very easy for them. Some people continue to work when learning has clearly entered the inefficiency stage. I think that whether it is learning or going to work, work efficiency is the most important, because only 24 hours a day, everyone can control the same time. Unless you can work 20 hours a day to make up for inefficiency. Otherwise, you are just wasting your time. When it happened, I think a good way is to do something else. take a break and start learning again. The machine needs maintenance, and people need entertainment. It is also very important to balance learning and entertainment in life. Only by keeping yourself in a good working condition can you make what you want to do. It’s also a big problem to leave your work to the last minute. This is a bad behaviour, people usually believe they still have time, so they spending time on socializing, going out to travel or playing games. in the end everything becomes urgent. So, we should do the work as soon as possible and then go to other activities, not only to improve the quality of learning but also to avoid missing the deadline. I personally feel that it is much easier to learn in school than work in a company. Because there is some boundary to what you learn at school, and it will give you enough time to study. But in the company, you will often take over a tricky job, and then you need to do a lot of fast learning. Moreover, there has a chance to resit at school. But if something goes wrong in the company, you may lose your job.
As a graduate student, I have a good ability to learn independently and judge. I really want to be a good student. Of course, I am trying my best to change myself to become a good person.    However, my biggest learning obstacle here is the language barrier. English is not my native language or non-second language. The difficulty of communication in English will make my content unclear. It will be difficult to understand some complexities during class. knowledge. Therefore, it takes more time for students to understand the knowledge and solve and solve some problems.    To be a good student is not an easy task, and excellence is not just about learning. For me, although my study may not be as good as others, I will use my spare time to enrich my life and increase my personal temperament. I will go back to the music study and study, I will go to the gym. Exercise and increase your stress resistance and physical fitness.    I am working hard to be a good student, I will adapt to the English language environment as soon as possible, and improve my English ability, do everything I can best in the best school.
Many times we need to think backwards in the opposite direction. Because when we start thinking backwards, the answers we can get may be different from the answers we are thinking about. However in the process of learning, I think I am a student who is extremely eager for knowledge. I still want to learn more if I have studied each course. And I will try my best to complete each assignment, and I will learn new knowledge or knowledge related to the course myself during the extracurricular time. Because I think that the amount of knowledge that can be obtained in class is very small, we must learn and develop the skills of independent learning. When we become a graduate student, we must develop our ability to find answers. If we have problems, we need to solve them ourselves, so when we feel that the amount of knowledge we can get in class is too small, we can go to the library or use the Internet resources to learn by ourselves. Then if there are any factors in this, it can affect the motivation of my study. I think the biggest reason is the classmates. If every student in a class is very serious about learning, it is bound to be an environment that may cause students who do not want to learn to start learning. I always believe that the environment can change a person, and learning is the same. There is also a factor that will affect my learning is ""lazy"". Now the Internet is full of temptations, and these temptations are omnipresent. Like the well-known website Youtube, there are many ads in it. The ad contains many bad ads, such as: help write homework. Students only need to spend money to buy a lot of homework, and to ensure high scores, no need to spend time to write homework. Of course, I am very resistant to this lazy behavior. Because learning is to gain knowledge, not to learn how to be lazy. So I personally think that this is not the main reason that will affect my study.
In the process of doing academic work, understanding the aim of job is first important thing. And then, based on the knowledge I have learned before, i will do this academic work step by step by these knowledge. However, problems would be produced in the process of doing engineering assignment, communication between classmate is the second important thing, because some different ideas of others may help you to find solution, on the other hand, some problems are not only happened on your study, but also on your classmate, communication also can remind others these problems. Thirdly, research is also important in the process, because not all problems can be solved by ourselves or by communication, thus, find solutions in the book or internet is necessary. All in all, if i get a academic work, aim confirmation, knowledge application ,communication and research are my solutions.Every students wish to be a distinction grade student, and I am no exception. However, there are some obstructs to prevent me to be a distinction grade student, and overcoming them will be my next goal.Firstly, the idleness is a big obstruct in the way of becoming distinction grade student. Because more time can be managed for postgraduate student, it is easy to make myself relaxed in the free time. Sometime, there may be a plan to study or review something, idleness would make me delay or break my plan, and the result is losing more time in order to catch the program, even falling behind with other students. There is a painful lesson because i am lazy, it is happened on weekend, I originally wanted to finish my homework and review this weekend, but a new game was came in the same day, i couldn’t overcome the idleness and started play the game and i want to do my plan after 1 hours. However, i couldn’t stop because the game is very fun. Finally, I sacrificed my sleep time to finish my homework, it brought the bad influence to my health and my next week studying. So, overcoming laziness will be a step for me to be a good student. Secondly, English level is an another obstruct, because it has a huge impact on class learning and checking materials, and there is a typical example about the low English level influence. When i went to start my first class in the UK university, it  very hard to understand each word and ideas from teacher, because my immature English level, in order to know the main idea of lecture, i just read the side by myself to try to find the key point and study. Unfortunately, i can not study well about this subject because i lost many details from the teacher mouth. As a result, I need to spend more time to catch the study program and lost more time to do other meaningful things. Thus, i think spend time to improve English level is better than catch study program after class, and i hope i can achieve this idea in the future.
Before I became a postgraduate student of University of York,I thought I was not a serious person. In the face of academic work, due todifferent educational backgrounds, during the teamwork, I did not have enoughprofessional knowledge to help my team partner and what I can guarantee is thatI would not trouble the outstanding students. Anyone is eager to be a good person, and I am no exception.Based on the Chinese traditional concept, almost all parents and teachersbelieve that children with good grades are more worth being regarded withspecial respect. This has led to almost all children being forced to becomeexcellent students by their parents, even being oppressed and deprived of theirfreedom of play and me time. The rebellious teenagers bravely resisted but usedthe wrong way. For example, they don't accept the parents' ""command""to learn, even if they knew that learning is the right thing, they are notwilling to do it. I was one of the rebellious teenagers and I started to studyindependently in a city far from my parents when I entered university.Therefore, I have enough grades to apply for this university fortunately.In real life, we always haveto spend a lot of time to communicate in the weekends and prove our gregarious.However, too long communication activities have compressed our own learningtime. We have to spend extra time to make up for the learning time, such assleep time. Lack of sleep led to a decrease in learning efficiency the nextday, so more study time was needed. More study time leads to less sleep time.Such a vicious circle. Of course, I need to admit that one of the reasons forthe long-term communication activities is that I am not good at rejectinginvitations from others. Thisis one of the things I need to improve.Honestly, I don'tunderstand the meaning of the e-learning log. I am not a person who likes toshare everything with others. I can improve my own deficiencies by observingothers, and why do I deliberately tell others that I have changed? Even ifthere is a shortage of lecturer courses, I can send an email to the appropriatelecturer to communicate. Not only can I get timely feedback, but I can alsoexercise my communication skills. I am an engineering student, I have a lot ofexperiments to do, and many experimental reports to write. I am not good enoughto be successful in one experiment, I had to spend a lot of time to debug. As atechnical beginner, I also had to spend a lot of extra time to supplement theknowledge of other disciplines which were necessary to experiments. I spent more than five hours a week on thee-leaching log. I can even write an experimental report in the same time. Inaddition, our major does not have a relevant course which means that the timespent on this log requires me to squeeze too much study time and sleep time tocomplete. I think this should be contrary to your original intention. I tried very hard to manage my time, but the uncertainty of theexperiment really didn't guarantee good time management. Many a little makes a mickle, I thinkthis might be one of the small factors that prevented me from succeeding.
I think I have done some events to copingwith the academic work. For example, I did some preparing work for the comingclass. I would download the PPT of the class on VLE before the class if can doit, and before the class I would preview it, check these word that I didn’tknown, and search these theories that I don’t understand. Besides that, if theteachers give us some recommended books, I usually would read them unless Iforget them. I would also research these theories that I need in the assignmentin advance.Although I aspire to be a distinction gradestudent, and try my best to achieve it, sometime I still do something preventme from being a distinction grade student.I think I have a bad performance in myemotion control and management, and that can prevent me from being adistinction grade student. For example, we have 3 classes on Tuesday, afterthat I usually have a supervisor group meeting which usually last about 4 hours.All of the activities above cost me at least 7 hours. When I go back to my dormitoryafter these activities, I will feel really down and exhausted and won’t bewilling to do anything related to academic, and only want to do something forfun, then go to bed. Overall, I lost about 4 to 5 hours to do something relatedto academic, only because I can’t find a good way to relieve the pressure, andcan’t control and manage myself well. At another situation, I also display thebad habit that prevent me from being a distinction grade student. As we all known,library is a good place to search the literatures or pay attention to study. Personally,I don’t like to go to the library. I always think that I can search the literatureon the online library system and do something related to the academic in mydorm. Actually, I think my learning efficiency in the dormitory is lower thanlearning in the library. For example, there is a kind of atmosphere in the librarythat every people in the library are learning hardly, and this atmosphere willforce myself to study hardly. When it come to my dorm, there are no othershere, and I can do whatever I what and won’t be disturbed by others. It may beeasy for me to distract myself. When I try to collect some data on theinternet, my attention may be attracted by small advertisements popped up onthe web pages. When I feel hungry, I will go the kitchen and spend hours to cooksome food for myself, while I may only take some biscuits to fill myself if I studyin the library, and that won’t cost me so much time. Besides that, I think oneof my action on my group meeting also have some bad effect on the academic. Sometimes,I find that our group members will deviate from the assignment theme. I usuallytell the Chinese members about this problem in Chinese instead of tell all themembers in English. I think that will make the situation worse, cause thesituation will become like that some of members discuss the right topic andother members discuss the wrong one, they keep discussing on different channels,and that make my learning efficiency lower.
Studying in the university of York is challenging and funny.It is beautiful and there are so many students. I am going to analyze about myselfin three aspects. How well I am coping with the academic work, my aspiration tobe a distinction grade student and finally my weaknesses. I am attending six courses and each day I have classesbetween one to three hours. Here basically the lecture is fifty minutes. Mostof the course for me are novelty. I have a little knowledge in the coursesbecause I have experience in management of project. I am enjoying each course becausethey are interesting. So, each course I am putting all my energy in order tounderstand well. I am investing a lot of time reading at least two books ineach course to understand the basic concepts better. I feel that time past veryfast. There are so many things to learn in each course and we have few time todo it. There are a lot of assignments. I am scheduling each course and I amprioritizing according timetable presentation of report. Like other students Iam aspiring to be distinction grade students in Engineering Management2018-2019.We are eighty-seven students in the class andeverybody is aspiring to be distinction grade student. I will compete at veryhigh level. I am giving all my energy in order to be in this place. I believein myself that I can do it. I need to dedicate more hours of studying and I mustunderstand very well each concept from each course so that I can apply in myfuture presentation and job. For instance, in the last homework in strategic management.My group was not selected. Before the presentation I did not understand it why?We did our homework well and innovative. After the representation I figured outwhy? homework’s selected was very good structured. Everybody has high level ofknowledge and skill. This is good because I will demand all my capacity.However, I must improve my weaknesses.Like everybody has weaknesses. I can identify threeweakness in myself. First, I need to practice more writing because I would liketo write at high level and present good reports. Second, I have never writtenreports before. I need to learn it because Most of my score will be evaluatedreviewing reports. Finally, as professor Jackson said in the lecture. MSc Engineering Management needs to know about effective use of technology. In mycase I am a little not updated with it. I will need to learn fast so that I cancompete well.Finally, University of York is unique place andspecially the department of electronic.  its staffs are very well prepared, and its lecturers put in practice thething that they teach. I am conscientious about the path I need to go in orderto pass with success each course. In my mind the only thing that I repeat thatI can I can.
There is a famous saying by Napoleon, “Every French soldier carries a marshal's baton in his knapsack”. As a student, I also aspire to be a distinction grade student. Not only in terms of the grades, but also means that I hope to improve myself in many aspects, for example enhancing my leadership ability, time management ability, independent learning ability and English writing and speaking abilities and so on. However, during the process when I dealt with my academic work, I find that there are many personalities and habits prevent my improvement. Firstly, lack of planning is an important shortcoming during my academic study. When I have several missions to complete at the same time, I do not have a specific planning for which item I need to do fist and which one next. I am very passive and confused about those works. As the result of this bad behavior, I waste a lot of time，which leads to I do not have enough time to improve my work. Even I once forgot one work totally and I received the punishment I deserved. In addition, procrastination is also a big barrier for me. There is a long time between my expectation and my action. I am often forced to start my work before deadline. In this case, I have to stay up late every day and result in a bad physical condition. Even though I made the decision to overcome my procrastination many times, my procrastination delay dealing with my procrastination. For example, I planned to finish week 5 learning log on this Friday afternoon. However, I am writing this 500 word description of myself at 9 o’clock on Sunday morning. It seems that there is one person who drags me behind, but I know this person names lazy and procrastination. Furthermore, although I have been a student for about 20 years, I still haven’t developed the habits that preview before class and review after class. Because of this bad behavior, sometimes I can not digest the whole knowledge on the day. Once there is a question that I do not resolve in time, it will become bigger and bigger like the snowball in the future. Also I need to spend a huge amount of time asking somebody for help or dealing with these questions by myself. That is to say, when those things happened not only my time but also other people’s time are wasted. When it refers to my academic writing, I find that I am not good at making decision to choose which aspect of my topic I need to research or sometimes I make poor choices. For instance, I remembered that during my pre-sessional course study, my summative report required us to analyze 2 factors that lead to the Samsung Note 7 explosion scandal. During the process I searched the relevant information, I found there are many factors lead to Samsung scandal. Under this circumstance, it is difficult for me to choose only 2 factors from these materials and sometimes I also may miss the most suitable aspect of my topic because of my bad making decision ability.In conclusion, I think those behaviors and habits are main factors prevent me from being a distinction student. However, I hope I can overcome these low eficiency habits and improve myself during my study at the University of York.
I think I am confident in coping with the academic work because I completed the pre-sessional programme before.During the pre-sessional course,I learned a lot about the academic work.For example,I learned how to write a report and how to give a academic poster or presentation.I also learnt to how to search sources for my academic work.The most important thing I learned from the pre-sessional programme was about plagiarism.Sometimes,plagiarism may be unintentional.However, I must avoid plagiarism.In order to avoid plagiarism,I must rephrase sources and add references.The only one thing I may be worried about during the academic work is that I may make mistakes in writing since I am not native English speaker.However,I still think I can cope with the academic work.  As for the distinction grade student,I think I aspire to be a distinction grade student.In fact,I am not sure whether I can be a distinction grade student finally,but I will regard it as my goal during the whole year and I will try my best to achieve this goal.In order to achieve this goal,I plan to do more reading by myself apart from listening the lecture to deepen the understanding of subjects .I also want to increase my English skill especially writing.Since I think improving writing is also important in finish assignment and improving the quality of academic work.What’s more,I want to improve my critical thinking .In my opinion,it is important for academic work to have critical thinking and we could not simply accept the knowledge of subjects.  During achieving the goal,I may have some difficulties.Firstly,I may have difficulties in time management.I may fail to manage time and finish task arranged by myself.Secondly,sometimes I may lack critical thinking.Lastly,my major in the undergraduate programme is not very relevant to the current programme,which may make me have difficulties in understanding some subjects such as law.Even though there are some difficulties which may prevent me from being a distinction grade student,I will make efforts to solve these difficulties to achieve my goal.  As for the situation where I display nonproductive behaviours, bad habits, and/or poor choices,I want to take time management as a example.I ever had poor time management before.I made a timetable by myself and I managed my time in detail.In the beginning,I felt very confident in finishing the timetable.However, just after several days,I failed to finish my timetable finally.I think the reason why I could not finish the timetable was that my timetable was arranged tightly.In the beginning,I strove to finish the timetable.Then I started to be lazy and I gave up the timetable eventually.From the situation,I realized that I should arrange my time more flexible and I need to improve my efficiency.What I can do is to give priority to the most important thing when I make my timetable.I think I must avoid this situation in the future.After all, I think it is vital for me to have good time management during this year.Poor time management will influence the quality of finishing academic work and efficiency of studying during the whole year.    
Coping with the academic work, I think the attitude is the most important factor,I will keep a good attitude and respect the academic work first, and I will trymy best and work hard to facing it.  Of course, I want to be a distinctiongrade student, I hope I can have a good ending of my student life.  There are some parts which prevent me to be adistinction student.  Firstly, my firstlanguage is not English, therefore, in the class, I cannot understand well of tutor’sspeaking, I have to prepare the content before and I have to listening veryhard to understand what the tutors say.  Moreover,the teaching mode and the way of think have a lot of differences.  For example, in China, the focus of educationis on the examination, students just need to do the exercises repeatedly, andjust need to learn what tutor teaching to us, most of the information is rigid,so, in China, student just need to do the exercises hard, then they can have a goodmark.  And the research, report and essayare not the important part of study, these just occupy a small part ofeducation.  But in UK, there has thedifferent educational model, student not only need to listen hard in the class,but also need to read a large number of books to research the information whichstudents need, and summary it to write many essays and reports.  This type of model of study is really difficultfor me, I have to use the new method to study, I have to read many English books,and I need to summary it.  Furthermore,there are also the group subject, which I need use my imaginations to createmore, that is also different compared with Chinese education.  Although there are a lot of challenges, I willkeep a good attitude to facing it, I think the difficult will make me have asignificant improve, I hope my English can have a big improve, and I hope I canunderstand more, speak more and can do the research easy than now.  I had study at UK for two years, I stillremember my English ability two years ago, I cannot understand most of thecontent people say, and I really cannot speak English, I felt scared to speak Englishto people.  After two years, my English geta good improve, therefore, I think my English will be better than now when I graduatefrom York, I will keep a good attitude and work hard, study hard to improvemyself.  I will make friends with the foreignpeople to improve my communication ability in English.  I will overcome all of these difficulties inthis year, and I hope I am satisfied to myself after I graduate.  Moreover, I will enjoy and learn more local culturesand euro cultures in my postgraduate study life.  Finally, what doesn’t kill me will make mebetter.  
For academic work, I have always taken aserious and rigorous attitude and understood the knowledge that teachers taughtto me.I do not leave doubts until the next day.I always listen carefully, takenotes and interact with the teacher during class. Of course, I also want to bea good student. As the saying goes, the soldiers who don’t want to be generalsare not good soldiers. But to be honest, I still have a certain gap withexcellent students. I think the biggest factor preventing me from becoming agood student is that no self-control. Often because of playfulness or laziness,I forget to learn. What impressed me the most was the high school graduationexam. At that time, there was 5 days off before the test. In order to let thestudents review at home, I felt that I had enough knowledge that I could getgood grades. I didn’t read the book at home instead of watching the NBA game,playing basketball with my classmates, playing online games and more. The playin those days led to a serious decline in my test scores. My mother criticizedme severely and I realized the seriousness of the problem. Since then I havebegun to pay attention to my problem and slowly correct it. Now I can control myselfvery well, and my self-control has been greatly improved.
When I am coping with the academic work, I want to keep a rigorous attitude all the time. Academic work is serious. About the academic work, I am lack of much expertise. Therefore, I should listen to classes carefully from lecturers and do much reading after class. In a word, I am getting well with the academic work than the majority of others. Of course, I aspire to be a distinction grade student. In the matter of fact, it is not an easy thing to complete. Almost everyone wants to be a distinction grade student, so I must take much more time than other students and do more reading about expertise. practice makes perfect. I should be in habit of reading and thinking. Since I went to primary school, I have already formed the habit of studying the content of class in advance. During class, I would like to take notes down about the focus points that the lecturers said. Some others prefer to write down the everything that teachers said in class. What an amazing thing! I don't think it is a wise act. Actually, taking notes like these are not useful for review before tests. What's more, after class, I get used to reviewing the notes and doing a summary about those notes. Later, I would like to take the key points about difficulties into consideration.Unfortunately, there are some factors that maybe prevent me from being a distinction grade student. I am a little careless and don't care about the details. Plus, sometimes I make the same mistakes. Also, I am a little rush and impatient about mistakes. What's more, I am scared of failure and mistakes.Another factor that prevents me from being a distinction grade student is that I will be proud and arrogant when I make a little progress. This is not a good thing. I should keep in modest all the time no matter in success of failure. Furthermore, my expertise is too limited, I should do much more reading in the library to acquire abundant knowledge. Last but not least, my writing skills need to be improved. I should keep standard when I am writing reports or essays as well as pay attention to the format.Also, I should think more，brainstorming is no less abundant. Recently, I learn that another approach called reverse- brainstorming. Perhaps it is another efficient way to solve out problems and solutions. Last but not least, practice makes perfect. And I think my skills of doing presentation is poor. I am nervous, shy and not confident at all when I speak in public. So, there are many presentations, for me, is a big challenge. I should practice more to get over the scary and become more confident gradually.Last but not least, I should pay more attention on reading. My skill of reading and writing is a little poor. I should strength them and make a great progress step by step. Finally, the spirit of never give up is a powerful slogan. When I encounter difficulties, I should find a solution to solve it rather than being upset and avoiding them. It is not a good way to become a distinction grade student.
The first term of my master course has begun for more than one month. During the last month, I have learned how to handle the academic work in the university. As a international student, I am very pleased to have this opportunity to take my master course in the University of York. So I really aspire to be a distinction grade student. It will be a great honor for me to be a distinction grade student. Before I can get this achievement, there is still a long way for me. I think some parts of me would really prevent me from being a distinction grade student. For example, time management is one of my weakness. It is not so easy for me to make a great work schedule. Every time I get a mission on my study or some daily work, I often forget how to make a good timetable. Since there is not a time table at all, I usually do not know which step should be done at what time. Finally, I always looks hurry just before the deadline. To be honest, I am really sad about that. Actually, I am starting to doing something to improve myself on time management. Since this term begin, I have made a clear time table for every assignment. I tell myself that I have to finish every assignment on time and leave some time for the modification. Beside assignment, I focus on having good time management on everything. Everyday should to be planed. That can make me save a lot of time during my study life in York. I think good time management is very important for me to be a distinction grade student. I think I also have another bad habit which maybe prevent me to be a distinction student. As a international student, language is one of the problem occurs to me. When I am coping with the academic work, I always need to read some academic resource book. There are a lot of professional knowledge theory among the course, I should spend a lot of time on understanding them after the lectures. It was hard to me at the beginning. But after several weeks, I think I have improved my skill on reading and understanding. Actually it is no longer a problem for me at present. Talking about the poor choice, to be honest, I never think I have made any poor choice. Although I can not say that all the decision I made were prefect, once you have made a decision you must try you best on it. We should never make decisions which will make us feel regret. About a half of the first term has been past, I should stay focus on how to be a distinction grade student. No matter what nonproductive behaviors or bad habits I have, I would fix it as soon as possible. I know it would not be easy to get this achievement but I am sure I will try my best to get the success.
I have been studying for graduate students for more than a month. When  I have lost the initial freshness and passion, I slowly realized that I have wasted my time many times, which means that I feel very confused, especially after listening to many career courses and participating some job fairs later. I have chatted with a friend on campus. I asked him why he had to participate in many activities that didn't seem to be of much use. He said that in fact, no matter what people do, they are purposeful, and the reason why he went to these activities is that these activities can help him accumulate more experience to get the job he wants to do.Whenever and wherever we should do what we want to do, we should have a firm goal and work hard. Even if we don't have a dream at this stage, we should try our best to do everything best. When the opportunity comes, we can not miss the opportunity and will not be sad because we don't get the chance. His words brought me shock and made me re-examine my recent actions. I understand that even if I don't have a clear plan for my career, I shouldn't waste time. On the contrary, I should join to some activities, go to some job fairs, and learn more about companies in different fields and in order to enrich my knowledge and broaden my horizons. One day I will not be at a loss when I find my dream. I can calmly fight for what I want. As the mother once told me, the opportunity is always for those who are prepared.In fact, I think that I am a person who can complete the current tasks with high quality. Actually，I am not very good at planning for the long-term plan, but I have a very clear goal for everything in the short term, for example, before I have come to the UK. I have made up my mind that I will achieve distinction grade after the end of the course, and in this year, I will try my best to improve my English. I will get 7 in IELTS test and learn a second foreign language in order to improve my language skills. . Now, I am constantly trying to learn from this goal.I guess, now, not only me is confused about future career planning, but also many undergraduates and graduate students are facing the same problem, especially Chinese students. We seem to have a lot of choices, but we lack of experience and lack of courage to accept failure, so we often stop and become more and more confused. Therefore, I hope that I can overcome the fear of failure, take the first step bravely, try new work, feel different environments, and one day, I will find my dream of being willing to work hard all my life.
Of course, every student want to be a distinction grade student. However it is not so easy to achieve. Personally speaking, It will be excellent to be distinction grade student, but if not, it is also OK for me. The reasons why I came to University of York are broadening my horizon and improve myself. Actually, I am happy with this experience so far. I think get distinction or not is not vital for me, but making friends, learning new things, and practicing professional skills are significant. Nevertheless, I know some of my weakness, such as bad time management, passive studying, poor execution. For example, most of time I tend to finish the work just before the deadline instead of complete it in advance. Besides, fear of public speaking is my another weakness, although it had been improved a lot in pre-session course. I am still working on public speaking, I want to conquer the nervous. Moreover, too much consideration in making decision could be my another drawback. In other words, basically I am too hesitating, I think too much because afraid of failure, and I don want to regret in the future. All in all, I think I should to be more positive and decisive.
In my opinion, I am a “qualified student”. Iwill attend every lecture, and never doing something unrelated, such as playingthe phone or chatting with other classmates. After class, I will complete myassignment independently and with high quality, reading the feedback from ourteacher carefully, and correct my mistake in time. I think it’s a basic thingwe need to do in our study, we should take responsibility for our self. Inaddition, I will prepare myself for future problems which I might meet in myfuture study. Every time before the lecture, the teacher will upload theircourseware to VLE in advance, which allowed me to download it to my computer inadvance and make a preview.However, I think there is still some gaps betweenme and distinction students. There is no denying that distinction students arequite respectable, they have gained a good point in their works and they aresuccessful. They all have excellent academic performance, which represents alot of effort they have made. I think as a distinction student, they shouldhave the following qualities: (1) They have their good habits of study, such asdeveloping and implementing a detailed study plan. For example, they can completetheir learning task efficiently and with high quality (2) A strong learningability. such as they are smart, they have a strong ability to remember, andthey can solve problems in a new and creative way, such as they can using somelearning tools to assist their learning. (3) they have a strong thirst forknowledge. They will take the initiative to ask questions and have goodcommunication with teachers. Compared with them, I found that there still a lotof things I can make progress. I realize my own shortcomings. Firstly, duringthe class, I can't understand the course content in a hundred percent, sometimesI feel a little confused about some new word that I didn’t heard before, and I didn’tfind answers from books or ask teachers or watch the repeat the lecture video afterclass, what i do is just let it go, it is obvious that I cannot make progressfrom it. Secondly, I have a problem of procrastination. There is a highprobability that I can’t complete my to-do list as planned, i always finish mywork before the deadline, it’s a bad study habit. Thirdly, I did not activelyestablish communication with the teachers, although the teachers were veryfriendly and willing to answer professional questions for us, and encouraged usto do so.  In addition, I think I need to furtherimprove my English skills, which include reading skills, listening skills,writing skills, and speaking skills. As an overseas student, language is one ofthe biggest obstacles we face compared to native students. It is the foundationfor us to learn all our professional courses. another skill is presentation skill.In Thursday's international business class, I was invited to stand on the stageto make a small presentation. I felt that my voice is not clear enough and thespeed of speech was not appropriate, which made me realize that I still had alot of room for improvement.
After becoming a graduate student at Universityof York, I have made great changes to the way I study. I ask myself to be morerigorous in the learning of each module, and to be more careful when I completemy academic work. Every student wants to get a distinction degree, not just apass. Which means that I need to get rid of some bad behaviours and the habitsthat prevent me from becoming a good student. Although I am an extravert, I am not goodat expressing myself. I almost never ask the teacher questions, this is becauseI am not sure whether my question is valuable. So that, it is even harder tofind the answer. Once time, the lecturer asked the students to discuss a topic withtheir partners and then he will ask a classmate to express their views. When I withlecturer eye-to-eye, I guess I might be questioned. I started to feel nervousand I felt that my breathing was accelerating, and my adrenocortical hormonesecretion increased. However, I was not asked to express my opinion on thatexperience. After this experience, I felt that my reaction at the time wasfunny. Not being able to show myself will only prevent me from becoming a goodstudent. Therefore, I need to change this bad behaviour as soon as possible. In addition, I am also a procrastinationpatient. When I have a work that is not urgent, I can't solve it in the fastesttime. At the same times, I feel anxious about starting or deciding on a task,and then I hope that I can postponing it until later, thus coping with myanxiety. However, this behaviour has had a negative impact on me.Procrastinationhinders my normal work, so I need to treat it correctly.I hope that I can become a good student andI hope that I can get a distinction degree. At the same time, I also hope thatI can get rid of my bad behaviour in learning. First of all, I think I need toget rid of the procrastination problem, which means I need to better managementmy study time and get the most efficiency. Then, I need to bravely expressmyself and change the anxiety when expressing my opinion to strangers. I knowthat changing these habits is not easy, but I always need to remind myself.
I don't think I do well academically, yet Iaspire to be an excellent student.Yes, who doesn't want to be a good student?Ithink the main problem that prevents me from being an excellent student is myEnglish ability, the way I communicate with people and time management.I haveproblems in English communication. I cannot fully understand what the teacherteaches, so I can only learn by PPT and reading books recommended by theteacher.Therefore, what the teacher tells in class may be useless to me.Sometimes I even cannot understand the jokes told by the teacher, and becauseof my weak oral expression ability, I am not willing to communicate directlywith the teacher or classmates in English.Another question reflected in groupdiscussion, as compared with the positive expression of personal opinion, Iprefer to listen to the opinions of others, and then think about other people'sopinions, finally it is concluded that for me I think the right answer, socompare group discussion when I was in silence, always speak out their views inthe other group members after sum up a word or two as my point of view, andother team members will think I'm not active and not into the team work,finally may cause our relationship broken.Finally, I spent too much time ontravel due to my curiosity about British cities and culture, which affected mystudy time and led to the decline of learning quality.
To be honest, there are really some bad behaviors and bad habits that I need to change immediately.  First, in the lecture, I used to use computers to record the notes or important points and see the slides. Actually, it’s not a good habit for me because it’s really unnecessary to use personal computer instead of using notebooks. And there are more temptations in the computer, for example, some breaking news or notifications from social media will easily draw your attention. Similarly, using mobile phone is also not a good habit in the lecture. Your time can be easily wasted in the mobile phone and you will lose a lot of contents from the lecturer. Secondly, I think I am a little “quiet” in the lecture, in other words, I am lack of motivation. What I did in the lecture is just listening from the lecturer, making notes of important points and so on. I didn’t make many interactions with the lecturer and am not positive with the questions asked by the lecturer. I may understand what the lecturer talked and conveyed, but I didn’t absorb these contents into my own knowledge. I think it is a big problem and I need to be more motivated and become an active learner. Thirdly, after the course, I think I didn’t spend enough time on the courses. Every time when we were after class, there were many things that we need to learn it again to improve our understanding of knowledge. However, I think I just finished the assignment in the lecture. Besides that , I think I didn’t do enough. For instance, I could do a lot of things like reviewing what I learned, reading some materials to deep my understanding or preparing for the next lecture. Finally, I think I didn’t study in an efficient way. In the lecture, sometimes I felt that I paid too much attention in the some specific points, in the meanwhile, I lost some other important contents. I think the way I listened to the lecture was not efficient, and I should work it out to find a more efficient way like reviewing the videos of the lecture after the course. What’s more, we always had some group assignment after the course, so we needed to make an appointment to discuss what we should do and how we did it. But I think sometimes we spent too much time on the discussion and we talked about something unrelated to the assignment too. We need to concentrate on the assignment itself to improve our efficiency. In conclusion, my nonproductive behaviours and bad habits are showed in these four points. To get a good grade, I need to overcome these bad habits and bad behaviors, and I need to be more motivated and more hungry for the knowledge. By this, I can gain lots of achievements in my MSc courses.
As for my academic performance, I think there is still a lot of room for improvement. I also know that I have a lot of deficiencies in many aspects, and I need to keep learning to cope with current learning. However, since I studied the pre-master course in the University of York for one year, I have a certain understanding of the academic requirements of the UK. For me, the biggest benefit of one year's preparatory study is to learn the normal writing requirements in the UK, because this aspect is very important for current graduate students.But in the aspect of research, I can't master and use this skill well. Whenever I need to find some relevant information, I can't find the information I want quickly and accurately. Especially in the aspect of academic literature sources, I often cannot find corresponding academic data. This is the main problem that I can't apply my research skills very well. Therefore, I can only obtain my academic materials through Google scholar and some more formal websites. Of course, in the aspect of using references, I think I have done a good job. When I am writing articles, whenever I want to use some literature, I will record the materials I need and write down the corresponding citation information, which is indispensable for a serious academic field. In addition, I can also accurately write the citation format, which is undoubtedly very important.For the engineering management courses, I'm taking now, some of them are a bit of a struggle for me. Just like Law for EM, it is hard for me to keep pace with the lecture because there are too many new words and too much knowledge. In addition, when I saw the assignment of all subjects in this semester, I began to make some necessary materials. However, it is still difficult for me to cope with the articles to be written, because when I try to write something, I cannot combine the materials I find with the requirements of the exam, which makes it impossible for me to actually start to do the assignment. The reason for the above reasons is large because the semester is half over, I still have a lot of knowledge to learn, and I still have enough knowledge to answer some questions. Therefore, in the following time, I should work harder to learn new knowledge and constantly review what I have learned so that I can acquire more knowledge to answer the questions of assignment.
I really want to be a distinction grade student, and I also want to study hard for this goal. After a month of classes, I found myself improving and changing in some aspects, but there are still many problems that will become obstacles to future learning. I don't manage my time regularly. Sometimes I set a timetable but I don't follow it. For example, on weekends when I want to review what I've learned this week, I can't organize what I need to do on Saturdays or Sundays to learn. In the middle of the week, because of curriculum reasons, different learning tasks can be arranged everyday. My other problem is that when reviewing and previewing, the content is not deep enough. Although I review the slides before class every day that the teacher is going to use, I just focus on the slides instead of looking for more information to read and learn. I need to find more books that are related to the lectures. There are a lot of information will be found. I think what I need to do is skim and find some key points, and then read them carefully afterwards.My next problem is to be lazy in speaking practice. As a foreign student, many people have problems with speaking parts. Sometimes I have my own opinions but I don't want to put forward my own opinions because of poor speaking. So after I came to Britain, I always wanted to improve my speaking. Although I joined a lot of clubs and wanted to know more foreign friends to practice my speaking. In the end, I was shy when I was talking to others and wanted to finish the conversation as soon as possible. Because of my speaking problem, I always fear asking questions. I have to change this situation and improve my speaking. Besides, I need to let go of my burden and communicate with my foreign friends. I can also use some APP to do some practices when I return to my dormitory.I have worked for four years. Now, I give up steady work and study abroad. I want to go further as far as possible on the road of learning. I hope that a year's master's course will be a new start for my study career. I have found my own problems and I will solve them through my own efforts. Management is a very simple thing to say, but really want to go deep understanding and learning will often be different. I need to go deep into understanding and learning every course that I learn. I am sure to overcome these problems and finish my master's degree so that I can apply for a doctor's degree. Now it's very important to look for problems and find them. I need good time management to help me plan and learn. Developing good study habits and a deep understanding of problems and knowledge is also an important skill, especially for me who want to move to a PhD. Good English speaking can help me communicate better with my tutor and help me convey my ideas better. 
Before I came to England, I stand a flag formyself. Getting DISTINCTION grade when I graduate from my postgraduateeducation. For the academic work, I am very interested in it, I like to studythings I did not know before and present my own idea on it. When I did my finalundergraduate project, I like to work in the lab making the experiment and likethe feeling when I find out the result. So as a postgraduate student, I would liketo put all my opinion on the assignment, finding the evidence to support myidea. Making it perfect. After about 5 weeks study here, attendingmany lectures. I found that it is really hard to get distinction grade. The firstproblem is that sometimes I could not understand what lecturers are talking about,but that is objective problem, I would try my best to solve it. The secondproblem is I found that the content of the lecture is hard to associate withthe EM program. That makes me confused. The third problem is that I found it isreally hard to complete an assignment especially the referencing part, but I wouldwork hard on this part. For myself, I think I am confident and skillful,but of course, I am not a perfect person. I also have a lot of bad habits,nonproductive behaviors. Firstly, I would like to lie in which makes me waste alot of time on the bed then I could not sleep early. That is really a badhabit. So I decide to get up early in the rest of time no matter it is weekdaysor weekends in order to read something in the morning. Secondly, sometimes I couldnot follow the class and I would do something else, that may makes me harder tofollow the next class, so I decide to try my best to follow the class and recordthe class if it is allowable so that I can review it after class. Thirdly, sometimesI could not manage my time well, it is really hard to achieve the work-life-balance.For example, I need to go to the gym but I also need to do my homework, I couldnot separate the time to both of them and finally, I only can finish one thing.That would makes me low-productive and makes me feel bad. So maybe I need atimetable in order to make all things organized. I believe that may lead me becomea better person. In conclusion, I really have a lot of badhabits and behaviors which are going to prevent me from being a distinctiongrade student. I believe all of these problems could be solved as if I put myefforts on it. There may a lot of difficulties on the way to the DISTINCTIONGRADE, I would try my best to get that! I reallywant to achieve something and make some change in this postgraduate year, makeme adjust the society easily and more employable.
When I study in primary school, I developed the habit of taking notes. I think it is really a good habit and it did help me a lot in my study as well as work these years. The process of taking notes is a process of positive thinking. It can mobilize the eyes, ears, brains, and hands to promote the understanding of the content of the lectures while avoiding the lack of concentration and the troubles of being trapped. In the process of taking notes, it is impossible to record all the contents taught by the lecturer. I usually focus on the things which I think important, the content which I am interested as well as the key content emphasized by the lecturer. I usually record them separately with different colors, which is really helpful for me to review the notes clearly before the test. In my first lecture, the biggest difficulty in taking notes was the problem of Chinese-English thinking conversion. Recording the lecturer's content in Chinese was always not clear enough for reviewing the key points, while taking notes in English is difficult for keeping up with the lecture. To solve the problem, I did lots of discussion with my friends in the group, and I gradually formed a special note method for myself. My notes are mainly taken in English with the key questions marked or explained in Chinese, which really make my notes easy to summarize and review.
I feel that my ability to take notes in class is bad, which may be caused by the lack of writing habits for a long time. When reading, I will carefully excerpt, which will help me sort out the logic.
Basically, my notes can be divided into two parts, the first one is taken when I preview the slides before the class, I would take some notes like: what does it mean, how do I understand it, and I would also emphasize the important content or what I don’t understand by colored pen. Also, I would The second one is take in the class, I would hear what the doctor saying clearly, and write down that I think important, and when I finally review my notes, I would check the question I’ve written before and ask myself have you known it now? If not, I would ask the lecturer for help.
When i write some notes, i often highlight some important knowledge and this method can help me easily recognise and see it. I can understand my nots when I review them. I also like recording some questions and then answer them after class. I often think and judge which are the most important questions and review them sometimes.
I am most in need of improvement in recording class content and taking notes. I think my main problem is that I often can't grasp the key points that need to be recorded. Because time is limited, what is recorded must be an important point and should be as short as possible. I think I can increase the amount of content that needs to be recorded. Subsequent re-screening of secondary records during the review and reading process. After gradual adaptation, the rules that usually need to be recorded are summarized. Then I can achieve the best results of taking notes
Compared to the first few weeks in October, my ability of taking notes and organizing notes has improved significantly. In the past few weeks, I often missed the next point of knowledge in order to remember important notes. Later, I learned to simplify my notes and complete the notes after class, which could increase course efficiency. Now, I will preview the ppt before class, print out the ppt, and write down the important content directly in blank of slide. After class, I can clearly remember the important content emphasized by the teacher when I see the notes.
I like to take notes by lists, because I can easily know how many points I need to focus on. Actually, I seldom take notes in class. For me, it's not easy to take notes and listen English in the same time. I always listen carefully and write down the key word such as 4P/4C, etc. to remind me review that again later. In my course text, I also take notes by lists but my lists will star from main points and every main point will have different support points.     I knew the other way to take notes is mind mapping. Mind mapping is not a good way for me to take notes, because I don't know how to distinguish those key words. And the other reason is that my hand writing is every big! Every time when I used mind mapping, I do not have enough space to write those words.    Using list is easier for me to review my notes after class or after meeting. I am the person who charged in writing the meeting minutes in my enterprise group, I use lists to help my group mate to see the main points easily and clearly as well. If there are some special point that my team mate need to know, I will use different color or bold the words.    Particularly, I like to take notes because I think that every thing that I write down will become mine. Taking notes can let me consider about the structure, order, word, etc. Although I may forget that easily, I can remind those memories easily.
This is my bad mistake in lecture. I do not prefer taking notes in the notebook. I prefer to have note on my laptop. I need to organize it after lecture although i could understand what i make the notes even in a long time.
For me, my notes aren't just a ppt copy, personally, I prefer to take something lecturer said or something it doesn't on the ppt.When I studied the pre-session course, my lecturer taught me 2 different ways, 1. is mind mapping 2. list. I really like the mind mapping because it is visible and easy to read what is the connection with other. But, when I study in the course, I don't have enough time to use mind mapping. By contrast, list skill is quite easy to use, when the lecturer processing, I can list the order and logic. To sum up, if I read some article in my leisure time I use mind mapping. For the courses, I use list skill.Well, this is my first-time study in the whole English lessons, this is a massive challenge. Sometimes I need really concentrate to listen to the lecturer, and to figure out what he says. This means I might don't have time to take note. For the good news, we have VLE records, we can review the videos anytime we want, and check our notes if we don't know what we wrote. For our modules, we don't have examines in this term only the assignments. So looking VLE to see what is the criteria is a really important issue, also in the courses lecturers might say "" using this skill you will get higher mark""these means go use it.
In the class, I use a small notebook to take my notes. I will write the bullet points which the teacher explained or write some examples, I think it is very helpful for me to organized my notes after the class. And when I review the lecture, I will organized all my notes on another notebook with the power point in the class. I also find some information on the internet or take some notes from the resources, adding some additional remarks to help myself understand the emphasis and give me some examples about how to use them in my homework. However, some time I find I just copy the PPT and I paid too much attention on writing without hearing what teachers said. Maybe it is quiet a big problem for my notes taking. To show levels of significance, I will use mark to highlight the important points and color pens to add some other points on my note book. Although I organized my notes very well, I can't indicating possible test questions I think. Of course I will try my best to understand my notes, as I can not indicate the test question I have to understand all the points which teacher mentioned in their lecture.
When I was young, I used to write down some notes for my referencing but now in my Engineering modules I prefer to use a app in which I jot the points as it really saves some paper and also helps me make use of the technology. Noting down some points helps me reflect on what I have written and also helps me thing of why I have written what I have written. I didn't use to apply this technique before that often but now I am doing this more often and it is really helping me think more which is needed for a Management student. Constantly being focused in the lecture is something that I find hard to do but on the other side taking notes it in a way. I write down my notes weekly or sometimes into the slides as well it helps to have a direct insight into the topic. Doing the E-log on a regular basis is also helping me reflect more on the things that I am doing. It gives me another way of thinking about my own self. Reflecting back on my notes after some time also assists me to do more and think more.
As my mentioned in the last answer, I am confident that I have a great method for taking notes during my study life these years. I use Cornell Method to take notes which is beneficial for me to solution and review in our study. On the one hand, I could summarise key points during every lesson and give my views and questions on time, I would check information online after class according my notes; On the other hand, it is clearly that I can use these note when I prepare my reports during the finial assignment.However, I also came across a difficult that  there are more models during our class and I cannot use them in practice even if I make lots of notes, like ""red and blue oceans"". I believe that I need more practices about them and check more information about them because they are useful and efficiency during our work if I could use them expertly. So, I improve the method, in which I add more references  and my own view to my notes, in this way, I can find key information on time and received more useful information.Although there are many hardships during my work, for example, it is disable for me to understand some models and notes during the lesson, I am improving constantly during the 7 weeks and I am confidence I can be better during every lesson and homework.
Regarding NOTES, I downloaded the PPT in VLE in class and marked it directly in the NOTES column at the bottom of the PPT. At the end of the class, I would take time to sort out the NOTES and re-present them on blank A4 paper through classification and key NOTES. As for the ranking of the importance of notes, I constructed my notes this way:Course title - timeHeading 1Secondary title 1.2Level 3 headings 1.2.3 (use level 3 headings at most)Content (essential points will be highlighted in red, questions like this?)This allows me to locate the information I want quickly and to elaborate and modify it when I'm doing a review or group discussion. However, it may be a bad habit of mine that I always sketch my notes, so that my notes may not look very good, although they are structured. But personally, I think the above simple structure is easy to understand, so I always insist. But I've also heard about some famous note-taking methods like Cornell notes, but I feel that what suits me is the most correct one.
For the notes, l have separate the notebooks for each course and I downloaded a productive app, Notability, to save all the ppt resources needed in the class, which enable to edit the notes flexibly on the documents I imported. I see this app as my own bookshelf. Before I attend the pre-sessional program here, I used to take notes by writing down what the teacher said and listing them, one of the changes I have made in the method of note taking is that l have known how to do the mind mapping for the course texts, which makes my notes more clear and easier to memory. l am pleasant that l got new effective skills of note-taking. First time I tried to make core points into the pictures and l failed. Mindmap needs time to be gradually grasped. until now, it is a piece of cake for me to make diagrams and maps when l want to take notes. After that, l find the usual way to take the notes does not work for me, which becomes more time-consuming and hard to find out the logic among the notes l take and l fail to remember the key info without the picture in my mind.As to show the level of the significance of the notes, l put the main topic in the map in the order from the most important to the normal for each course. Then l can review them according to the order l list. l do the preparation before the lecture, so l pay attention to what lecturer emphasize and the point lecturer wants us to do the further reading. l think l have cultivated the capability to determine the importance accurately and quickly and l add new key points to the original course notes. Thinking like a teacher and try to indicate what l will test the students and then have an overall review. ln the usual time, l make sure l make it clear that l have understood every term mentioned in the lecture. it needs a large amount of time to do that, but l realize that if l refuse to do it now, it must be a hard time during the end of the semester.
I can't write down the original words of the teacher. I need to integrate myself into it and understand what the teacher wants to express. When the teacher speaks, outline what they say. When they start a new topic, make a note of what they emphasize, and then fill in the details when I have time. Jot down every new concept and term I am unfamiliar with. Keep these separate from the text of my notes, either on a nearby page or in a separate notebook. The key to making a successful class note is to develop my own shorthand system. Learn to abbreviate. This will help me keep up with the teacher's ideas and allow me more time to understand what he is saying.
Each of us has our own thoughts, and we have different understandings of a certain knowledge. Therefore, when it comes to taking notes, we should remember more of what we think is important, as well as highlight them. So that you can see these ideas for yourself. We can also record some places we do not know, the class time is limited, we need to pay attention to the lecture in class, after class we can inquire about the knowledge of the material we do not know.I'll focus on some of the things that I've highlighted.
About note-taking, I am believed in only hand-writing way can put the knowledge into the different situation to more understand the deep concept. And making note is also need scientific method, such as making notes in heading and bullet points which can help you fast review the key points.1.0 Headings and bullet pointsThis is also a very common way of making notes. It is especially useful if making notes on a computer as I can reorganise information under new headings. The heading is the key point or a question. The bullets or list of points under it all refer to that one heading.2.0 Pattern notesThese are notes that are organised around a central concept and work their way out from that idea. Each line from the centre leads you into more depth on a particular theme. Use colour and shape to make the notes distinctive. Look for a particular image formed by the final shape of the notes - or aim to develop a particular image. This will make the notes more memorable.3.0 Suggestion for meThese are useful, for example for:Identifying all the tasks that have to be undertaken on a particular day.Noting the key themes in a book or lecture.Numbering key points.Being able to see what you need to do or remember very easily.Identifying resources to follow up.Keep a record of resources such as useful web-pages.
I often write down on the notes what I think I must write down. So my notes won't be much. I don't like large sections of text, so my record book is generally the most important concept to illustrate which is the key point.For how to analyze possible problems, my method is to contact the teacher's points, expand the relevant knowledge, and use the examples to analyze the actual situation. Therefore, because my notes are more refined knowledge points, it is easier to understand when reviewing.
At the very beginning, I take notes in a notebook, in each course I need to prepare one and need to take it every day, the vocabulary is the most common part in my notebook, while it is difficult for me to remember what the lecturer taught in class after several days. But later I have seen some people take their laptop to class and can do some comment in the bottom of each slide. They can also do some marks in the slide, and if some words they don't understand. They can also use the internal translation so that they can understand what the lecturer taught immediately, while I need to search the word after I go home. And after that, I begin to take my laptop to class too. I think technology changed our lives quite easier. In other words, I can understand most of my notes when I review them because they are all written by the laptop.
I usually take notes by colorful pens, like red pen, blue pen and general black pens. Blue pens often be used to record contents acquired from instructions in classes; red pen is usually employed to mark some questions and problems waiting to be solved; black pen is usually used to add complements when I reviewing it after classes. I also create some symbols which can help me to save time when recording, and I can understand them after using them for a period of time. 
I use Connell's note taking method. I write the important thing on the right , if it is really important I will use red pen to highlight it. The most significance one I will use the red cycle and red pen writing to show it. The less important I will use red pen to show it. The next is the red cycle and black pen. Teachers will emphasize and explain some questions in class, in which there are usually some questions. When I review my notes, I will pay special attention to these questions and guess the possible questions.When I review notes, I don't just review notes, but review them with video and teacher's lectures. Sometimes notes can not keep up with the teacher's speed of lecture, in this case, I will review the video after class to make up for this part of the notes. So, in most cases, I can understand my notes.
Notes are a memory tool to help us review. Taking notes should be selective, purposeful and targeted. For example, focus on the key content of the class teacher.The organization of my notes:1. Record the ununderstood contents of the class teacher and study after class.2.Record the key analysis of the problem. This not only can learn the skills of analyzing problems, but also broaden the horizon.3.Learn to summarize the content, summarize the contents of the teacher's class, and record the key content.4.Record important content in a prominent position, expand the key content after class, and read related materials online.
Before classy would prepare the courseware given by the teacher and make clear the unknown words. However, some words are hard to remember.I need to look them up again in class.I will write down the new words in my notebook.There are some models and some theorems involved in some courses, but the teacher will not conduct detailed analysis and examples.I will draw a small star in other colors to express my interest and read more articles after class.usually these models involve proper nouns, and these models can related to other models.I will leave a blank around this knowledge point to supplement my knowledge. Actually,sometimes in classy think some knowledge points can be recorded in a sentence, then the record is concise and to the point.But when I review after classy will find that some knowledge points need to be recalled carefully.In my past experience of taking notes' could not make a mechanical copy of the content on the teacher's courseware.I had to listen carefully and then make notes with my own words after understanding.The notes on each page should not be too full, and should be left with a certain amount of blank space to supplement after class with ideas about their own thinking or new knowledge points obtained from research.
i think i am not good, sometimes i will miss the point of the knowledge. I would write down the key point, so that next time i read it, i would know what is the most important thing.
Normally, I use my laptop to record some key information instead of using notebook. In that case to make my notes on laptop clearly, I will use different size title to mark some key point and make easy arrangement to make the layout looked logistic and reasonable.  Personally I think the biggest difficult to me is, if I use my laptop to make notes then I have to improve my typing speed because it is very important. No matter in general typing or typing words for future reports and assessment, high typing speed should be very helpful and I will spend more times to practice it. Basically, when I start making records on my laptop, firstly I will type the date and the title of the session. Then I will try to record some key point instead of everything, in that case I just need to focus some important necessary knowledge or theory instead of other irrelevant issues. While doing this process, I will use different font words to emphasize their different importance then I will arrange them logically. Finally I will create one sessions' notes very clear and easy for me to directly identify every key points and necessary information. 
I think I am not good at taking notes inclass and from the course texts. I prefer to use hand writing to make notes, ratherthan using electronic production. But sometimes I want to write something, Iwill miss next information, So I should change my method of note taking. Forexample, just writing the key words and after class I can try to remember theimportant information by the key word. Of course, taking notes is good for me,I can know what I learn and what problems I have and I have to solve, butsometimes I can not understand my notes when I review them, not always.
Because every class has a slide or word document, I rarely take notes. But I will make notes in the margins of the sides, including the places I don't understand during the preview, the emphasis part in the class, and some knowledge points that I think need to be explored more after class. In my opinion, it is more important to think constantly than to take notes. Only by thinking we can strengthen what we have learned. When taking notes, I will record as much detail as I can at that time, so that I can review and understand them easily in the future.
: I usually highlight sentences in different colors in order to help me have better understanding. For instance, I usually use red color when I have different opinion or confusion and write my own opinion near this sentences. In addition, I use different color pens to write the note in order to shoe levels of significant. All of this ways help me can understand my note and review them effectively. 
At the very beginning, it is difficult for me to take the whole important content down as I am not a native English speaker, and I have tried to take down every important detail, but I failed. I can just keep up with the tutor's teaching speed, and if I wrote some details down, I will miss some part of the presentation of tutor. The notes cannot be complete at first and my notes are difficult to recognise the meaning since it missed some part of the sentences. Therefore, it is necessary for me to find an efficient way to take some pivotal notes. I have searched the Internet to find some good advice in taking notes, and I have explored by myself either.Then, I found that if I do the preview of the slides and prepare for the jargon or the term I cannot understand, it will lighten my burden of understanding. Additionally, I change the method of taking notes. I tried to just write down the key points rather than the whole sentence. Fortunately, the method does work and it has improved my speed of taking notes. During the period of all the class, I tried to take down some important notes on the basis of understanding. And the replayed video or audio can also help me in review the important details and supplement the missing point of my notes.Eventually, I found the efficient note taking method suit for me appropriately. I have pick up the note taking method of Cornell now, and it is efficient for my reviewing. The paper is divided into three parts: cue column, note taking area and summaries. The cue column is used to record some key headlines of the whole class, and the note taking area supplement the details of the key headline. Surprisingly, the Cornell note taking method is clear and concise, and the summaries area helps me a lot in reviewing after a long period. Besides, I have picked up some easy abbreviation, the abbreviation of words short the time for me to take the notes down efficiently. Due to the different significance of the notes, I take down different amount of notes. And I also use the markers or colored pens to highlight the most important part of the notes, such as the possible test questions. Therefore, the improved note taking method helps me a lot in understanding of the teaching class and reviewing.All in all, the progress of my note taking methods shows that I can adapt to the class well now. And the suitable note taking methods can help everyone of our students improve the efficiency of study and enhance the understanding of knowledge when reviewing. 
When my teacher explain some academic nouns and analyze some importantcases, I will record them on my notebook. When it come to the summary, I alsomark them with red color, which means that it is significant. When I still feelconfusion about something, I like to mark them with green color, which means I shouldask my tutor after class. In the past, I did not know how to distinguish mynotes and how to review it. After using different color marks, I find itimproves my study efficiency. To the test question tutors proposed, I write them in the heading of every page on my notebook. When I review my notes, I will see these questions in advance as I can think these questions again,which can makes a deep impression. If i cannot answer them correctly, I will see the answer on my notebook.
After four years' working ,I have formed a good habit of taking notes and I think it's an very effective way to record ,remember  and  summarize important information for the both working and studying.Of course ,because of the barrier of language and different  ways of thinking,It's a little difficult to obtain the key information and record them on the notebook immediately.Missing the key information and following the teachers' s steps of courses are the main difficulties and challenges.So,we should promote our listening ability and practice obtaining effective and important information quickly.We should use different color pens to mark some different important information notebook in order to make my notebook more clear and easy to review and read.
Basically，in the first several weeks , i use a notebook recording every course separately. I wrote something teacher said but not in the powerpoint. Sometimes, in order to recognise the position for my notes, i need  copy the information which is in the ppt,. The results are i can not follow the teachers mind well. After classes, when i review the notebook, i found it is hard to understand what i want to say for the courses. Therefore, i change the way i take notes, i use computer in the class, if i want to write down an important point or word. It is useful and convenient for reviewing. I can easily caught the main information in the powerpoint. Besides, if the information is really important, i will change the colour from black to red.In the future, i will try to add more self thinking into my notes to help me improving the ability of  critical thinking.
I feel that my ability to take notes is very poor. I seldom remember very clearly or write down what the teacher said. But fortunately, every class has ppt, which can help me understand the teacher's content very well and I can quickly add content to it. At first, I wanted to write down every word the teacher said, but I found it really hard. Finally, I decided to write down some key words. I think this method is really effective. Then I mark every key word so that I can see clearly what I remember. As for the possible test questions, I think they are all in the keywords. When I review, I read my notes and then review what the teacher said according to the PPT content. I think these may be potential tests. Sometimes I don't understand my notes very well when I read them, because I may not remember the example that the teacher said at that time. So I decided not only to memorize some key words in the future class, but also to remember some examples.This way may help me understand and review better.
To be honest , there are a lot of powerpoint during classes so I don't need take notes and I just need pay more attention to what the teacher said and explanation about one concept or one skill . And after class I will make notes according the powerpoint and what I have understood and remembered . But there are some difficult about taking notes . Sometimes I cannot take a beautiful notes and even logical confusion that will affect my next review . And the most important is that sometimes  I cannot determine the importance of every material and classes so the notes also don't have the importance . 
My ability to take notes in class is not very strong. I took notes while listening to the teacher, but because my listening level is very poor, it is difficult for me to fully understand the content of the class that the teacher is talking about. So my class notes lack coherence and there is no connection between each knowledge point. This led me to not use it well to recall the entire big knowledge point. And I will miss a lot of important information and miss some key suggestions and methods. My way of taking notes is to write down some key sentences and keywords, as well as my own questions. I can use these key points to recall the content of the entire classroom.
In the class, I take notes sometimes for the lecturers always speak quickly. So, I do not have enough time to write down the notes except for some key words. But after the class, when I read the reading materials, I will take some notes that can help me to review the materials. And I think I need to improve my ability of taking notes.
So far, I have been happy with my note taking method this term, and have not encountered any problems, so I have not made any changes yet. The more significant a concept is, the greater the amount of content associated with it in the notes is, thus showing its level of importance. There are no exams on this course, so possible test questions do not need to be indicated. However, anything that could be important to the completion of a given coursework assignment is compiled in a Word document dedicated to that particular coursework assignment for ease of review at a later date. I have been able to understand my notes when I have reviewed them thus far.
-    Taking notes in the class during the lecture is crucial for me. It provides me, the most important ideas            and topics during the learning process. Sometimes slides from lecture are not enough, so I’m always using my notes simultaneously with the material provided by the lecturer.  -    Organization of my notes are always the same: from basics to more complex ideas. -    The significance of my notes are not important. All my notes are equally important. I’m not making unnecessary or trivial notes.-    I’m trying to indicate possible test questions through the material that was presented on the lectures and workshops, what lecturer was focusing on, what it seems to be important and crucial for a particular topic. -    My notes are always very straightforward, easy, clear and in order – I never had a problem with understanding my notes. -    I’m always trying to learn by visualisation, so very often I’m drawing graphs, charts, schemes, etc.
I take notes in almost every lecture. I then keep the notes from that week for each lecture in my bag and during my weekly review I skim through them and organise them into their respective modules and store them in plastic wallets in a folder. I haven't properly tested myself yet but will come up with about 5 questions from each lecture and formulate a 'test' to complete. I can then possibly share these tests with my coursemates.
During my previous studies, I've tried to take notes in several ways but I've never been a good note taker... Handwriting the main concepts, trying to write all that the lecturer say or write, etc... Now in York, since I've seen that all the lecturers have very well designed slides, I'm not taking notes in the traditional way. In addition, we don't have exams and thus, I don't need to memorize concepts. I think that without taking notes, I'm more concentrated in the explanations and I'm trying to understand the concepts better.However, I have always my iPad with ""Evernote"" opened just in case. Sometimes I write concepts that I want to refresh at home (because they are complex or because I need to practice it for myself), I write recommended webs or books, and other things that don't are in the slides. We don't have tests so, I don't write ""possible questions"" but, even though the assessments are very concrete, sometimes the lecturers give ideas or suggestions to ""have good marks"", and I use to write them to have them in mind.
I don't take notes often. Usually I find that this distracts me from the content of the lectures themselves and I find it difficult to focus on an take in the material. If I do take notes, they aren't especially organized. Every lecture I take notes for is dated, titled and kept in a notebook and reviewed as necessary.
I avoid taking notes during the lectures as I am terrible at multitasking. I find it a lot more preferable to take notes afterwards when reviewing a lecture during self studying, but once again, the notes that I am most likely to do are the ones found on the side of my code, as the best way for me to learn is through experimentation. AS a result when reviewing my my notes, I most of the times know what is going on and it's easy to pick it up.
In my opinion, most of lecture materials are explained in reading materials and slideshows.  Also, extra notes provided via VLE and internal web made me think that note-taking isn't important as it was in undergraduate.  However, recently I think that summarise in my own words would be very useful when I review lectures because it saves a lot of time compared to reading all the slides and reading materials.  Which means I will have to think about a new way to take notes during lectures.  
Now I think I make a progress in English listening and note-taking in these three months. I learned how to use mind mapping and key points to take notes from 4-weeks pre-sessional programme. I can take down something I think significant on my notebook from what lecturers say. But the most part of notes I can take down is from slides of lectures. I am not sure whether I take down from what lecturers say is the most significant.I tend to listen what lecturers are saying but I am easily forgetting to write down the key points.I can easily understand most of my notes because I will review it immediately after class. Some of them which I don't understand I will review it with slides and online materials, then I will remember what I have written.I think I still need to improve my English listening skills, and grasp more academic terms to help me understand lectures well.
To be honest, taking notes efficiently is a little difficult to me, because I can not catch the key part in classes quickly. In the beginning of master class, I try to follow teachers to write down the content according to the PPT, but I found that this way would make me lose many useful knowledge point. After that I try to make notes on the key words only and follow the lectures' progree. Compaired the formal study way, I think I have progressed but sometimes I failed mainly because I could not concentrate on the lecture all the time. Thereful, I often listen the video of class after classes and make more notes, which is a waste of time to some degree, However, I can find the key parts and use a red pen for emphasis the key parts. Another problem that I have encountered is that there are so many new words in classes such as Law and Management of Technology, which could cause that I can not make notes following teachers. Now, I always preview thw content in advance and look up the new words, which proved that a good method.
Actually I suppose that it will be less useful to take notes in class. I have the habit to take notes since I was in middle school where we were compulsive to take notes in class. After participating in works, we have had many conferences and meetings in kinds of ways, so it is especially important to take notes or meeting summaries. And usually, I have two colors of pens, one takes notes, the other makes marks, it shows me the importance of notes I have taken. However, when I came to York, I found it difficult to take notes in the class for the reasons that I cannot divert my attention from listening to the lecturer to take notes. Once I pay more attention to take notes, I cannot chase the speaking speed of lecturer. What's more, I found it unnecessary to take notes because I can find all the slides in the VLE and there are also some video recorded the lecture for me to listen again. It seems unwise that you spare your attention to take notes. So I seldom take notes until then, I just take some key words and important information to make sure I can be reminded of  them later.
First of all, when I first take notes, I will write some things that I think are important in my notebook. And as a girl, I hope that my notebook will be neat. This will affect the speed of my records. Especially during class, the teacher will not stop, so I have no way to completely record all the content. This should be the biggest problem I have encountered. But then I took some useful solutions. For example, I can scribble the records on white paper, and then organize them in my notebook after class. Or I will take a lot of photos, so I will record faster and the content will be more complete.
When I start to process my undergraduate, I was barely taking notes. Lecturers primarily used computers and a VLE-like teaching system to teach us, so almost all of the learning materials can be found in the online teaching system, which led me not to have a good habit of taking notes. Generally, I will only go through the past course materials before the exam, and then list some of the essential test points that the lecturer has raised by memory. Then, go to the basis of this evidence to find the corresponding course materials for review. As a result, this habit of not taking notes made me have a lot of problems in my study. For example, there will be some differences between the test points in memory and the actual test points, so the habit of not taking notes will directly lead to my failure in the exam, but also let me do not have a deep impression of the general knowledge of learning. Besides, not taking notes will make me learn something slowly, especially when I was reviewing the exam, the pace will be very slow because I have to read a large number of course materials in a short period. I've tried some way of taking notes. For example, I would keep recording what the lecturer said, and as a result, a lot of notes would be produced every day. Then, a large number of notes will appear relatively confusing, which makes it impossible for me to see the meaning and logical structure that the lecturers want to express. In the end, this way of taking notes was inefficient and wasted a lot of my time and energy.I have groped out the right way for me to take notes until last year. First of all, I adapted from handwritten notes to take notes with my computer, because my handwriting speed is not too fast, so that there is no way to efficiently record all the points said by the lecturers, and the use of computer notes will be relatively easy to identify, there will be no problems such as font blur. Secondly, I will selectively record the points mentioned by the lecturer, and will not blindly record notes without selection, resulting in a reduction in efficiency and unnecessary waste of time and energy. Finally, I will use different colours of fluorescent pens to mark some important, do not understand and need to query the place, so that they can be the first time to pay attention to these. At the same time, timely to answer and understand these labelling places is also very helpful for future testing.After using this method of note-taking, I think there is a significant improvement in my study. Whether it is to review the study materials or the exams, it is more calm and confident, and the degree of control and memory of the knowledge has been dramatically improved, so taking notes is still very important.
I tried to make note in all classes, however, I think it is a little bit difficult for me to write down all important points. After class, I always need to listen the record again and do some notes to maker I have understand all information of the lectures. I'm sure I can understand my notes the I think it can help me to remember the knowledge when I need.
When I take notes, I usually like to write down everything first. Actually, I know this is not a good habit and it is a waste of time. Therefore, I will try to extract the key words and record them when I take notes in class, maybe this can not only improve the efficiency of lectures, but also improve the concentration of lectures.Because the record is very comprehensive, when I review the notes, I can easily recall the content of the class.
I will highlight the important information the lecturers mentioned in class, I also will use pens in different colors to distinguish different levels of significations of notes I take .Pay more attention to the repeated knowledge in class.Generally speaking, I am . But sometimes it is a bit difficult for me to understand some notes with poor handwriting.
Making notes is very significant in my class, so I often take notes during lectures and homework. In the class, I can write down and know about knowledge and what I need to do after class. Moreover, I often use different  colored pens to mark different key contents and to show levels of siginificance. For example, the red color is the most important and homework, the black pen marks normal content. Indeed, when I check my class notes after a long time, I have to combine slides and notes together in order to understand it. So, when I finish every class, I will organize notes and review the lecture in order to make it clearly.
I always think taking notes is one of the problems for me. In the beginning, I always want to take every word teachers said. But gradually, I realized it is impossible for me and I will miss some key information when I just focus on taking notes. So I change my method. Now I just mark some titles which are important or tutors highlight. And after class, I will review these part and do some deep understanding. And I create a useful mark system for me such as triangle means something I need to do or which is related to my assignment. And the asterisk means something is very important in this course. However, there still is a problem for me. I always finish my notes and then put it aside. I know it is a bad habit but sometimes there will be some new work for me to do and they appear more important than reviewing notes. So maybe I need to have a change. For example, I can set a specific time for me to review notes such as an hour before the lecture beginning. At that period of time, I can review the last lecture's notes.
I am organizing my notes to show levels of significance by marking the significant information according to its significance. For example, a pentagram means the most significant, a triangle means very significant, and a circle means normally significant. I often indicate possible test questions by put a wavy line under the note. I think I'm able to understand my own notes when I review them because the understandability level of my notes suits me well. 
It is true that until now, I still can't understand every word that the teacher said while taking notes. However, I found that if you know what the teacher is going to do, you can learn what the teacher said while taking notes. In particular, when you are prep, you will encounter new words, so you will go to the query and memorize, so when the class is mentioned those words, you will become very sensitive. Moreover, these new words are generally important words, and even some are keywords of headline.To be honest, sometimes I could not understand my note when I review them. Especially those that I hurriedly wrote down. However, many times I find that taking notes following the teacher's PPT content format always makes me remember the classroom content and understand the notes. Of course, I sometimes use Ipad to take notes with apple pencil, in which case I can directly modify and mark the focus on the teacher's PPT.
In class I basically just listening to different lecturers teach, I will not take the time to take notes, because I'm afraid I cannot keep up with the content later. if predict the content of the lesson will be hard, I will select to recording content. After class, I will playback and look what I cannot understand.
To be honest, I do not think I am good at taking notes, because I will be distracted by taking notes when I am listening to the content, I would miss the key point of the lecture. During these 7 weeks, I have been changed my taking note's habit, I would like to write down the key words instead of the whole sentence.I would like to use pens with different colors and different icons to show the level of significance, for example, I am keen on using the star icon to represent the title of the lecture, and use red pen to circle the key point.I would like to pay more attention on the part, which teacher spend more time on since I think it will be the test question part.Yes, I can understand my notes, and if I have some confusion about my notes I will review the video of our lectures to help me catch up.
I used to like to use outline method to take notes down. However, sometimes I found that I couldn't write down my notes in time if lecturers speak too fast. In this way, I have to review the slides of the lecture or ask my classmates to complete my notes. I was disturbing for a long time because of this issue. I wonder if my skill is not strong enough to support me to take intact note, but I gradually realized that some of my friends also couldn't do this thing very well. And during the pre-sessional programme, I attended the lecture which taught me how to take notes, my lecturer has introduced some note-taking methods to us. After this lecture, I realized how to write down notes is a systematic subject. There are lots of ways to record, such as the Cornell Method, the charting method and so on. I think the mind mapping method is a quite efficient way for me. I can easily follow the lecturers and write down key points when I use this method, so I accustom to mind mapping at present. I tend to employ this method along with other recording methods. I like to take notes in weekly form, and the notes from same weeks are sorted together. I think I can find the results easily when I am looking for some notes from the specific subjects. Talking about how am I show levels of significance in my notes, I think mark pen is handy. I usually highlight the contents that are the significance of a lecture. When I review it, I am able to find out the emphasis on the first time. 
I used to use the marker to focus on the parts that I don't understand and need to understand in my notes. After class, I will focus on reviewing them. This will better grasp the focus on the review and better understand what I learned from the class.
As it's difficult to take notes and follow the lecturer I mentioned several weeks ago, I have used a new way to take notes during this period of time. I usually take notes about the points of slides using internet before the lecture, which let me be familiar  with the content of class. And I just need to have slight modification on the notes when I listen to the lecturer. I think this way is helpful, because I can take into account both writing and listening. But It's a little time-consuming, I can not always finish the total notes especially when I participated in the team work. Consequently, I take notes in Chinese and then translate it to English after class. I think it might be a good way for me.I usually use two pens with different colours to mark the key points, the  red one is for the most significant points, the black curve is for relatively important points and black beeline is for the general significance. Some points of slides are usually  marked in red, I think it is possible to be the  test questions, so I will comment more on them. Most of my notes are clear  for me, So I can review it easily.
I use different colors of mark pens to show levels of significance, and I usually mark stars behind the notes that I think it is important . I think the questions that the lecturers focus on explanation are test questions or important questions. and I usually  review my notes with watching  ppt that the lecturers upload on the VLE.
I always take notes by hand-writing,and take the key points in my notebook.Usually I am able to understand my notes when I review them.
Like I mentioned above, I always took lots of notes during the lecture and sometimes I might get distracted by taking notes. When I first study here I decided to go through the slides one or two days before the lecture start. But it didn’t work out so well, because I had no clue about lots of stuff on the slides. Theories and key-words start to make sense after the lecture. That’s when I decide to quit take notes when I am do some pre-readings. Then I start to take notes during the lecture, not doing so well as always, but sometimes I might get distracted by taking notes. If I am concentrated on taking notes, I would miss a lot of information during the lecture. So, I began to shorten my notes from long sentence to simple key-words and indeed it worked much better. But when I was trying to do some review, simple key-words are not so efficient to revive my memories. In order to fix that, I have changed my reviewing method from read my notes to check my notes and videos together. My notes helped me to pin point my problems and videos helped me to solve my confusion. 
I often use different symbol to mark different levels of significance. For example, if I mark triangle under a sentence, it means that this knowledge is quite important. Usually, I would like to ask myself all sorts of possible questions to ensure that I absolutely understand this knowledge. I am able to understand my notes when I review them. Because my notes are very easy to understand and they are all clear.
I use the way of Cornell notebooks to take notes. The notes are divided into three parts. In the middle, I mainly record the key content heard in the class, and the left side summarizes the content of the class. In the bottom section is my own narrative of all classroom content. I didn't do very well in the last part of the note, because I will be more relaxed when I do this part, so the quality of this part is not high. I often use my native language to take notes in class notes. I think this is not conducive to my improvement. This is what I need to correct in the future.
I really need to take notes because I use to quickly forget things that I don't practice a lot. So, maybe during the lectures everything is fine and I understand all, but later when I want to review again the topics I realize that I don't remember the little gears that make all have sense for me. That's why I need to have notes about such little but very important things. As I stated previously, the method that really works for me is to first understand what is the current topic about and once that I fully understand it then I rewrite it but using my own style, having special emphasis in those little things that moves everything. By this way, whenever I review my notebooks I can easily involve again with the desired topic efficiently.
To be honest, I am not good at taking notes. I seldom take notes in most classes. If there is something I need, I will simply write it down on the APP of my mobile phone.In the process of discussion questions, taking notes is very be necessary, at that time I tend to put all the content of the need to type in the memorandum of mobile phone, or a mass in the mailbox, because the software has a search engine, when I want to go to find I will enter the keyword query, rather than one note, it can save a lot of time.Of course, I also use some simple symbols or special tags, Spaces, and new paragraphs to prioritize my content so that I can remind myself when I view it
I have always had the habit of taking proper notes during the lectures since my undergraduate program. Since I had most of my education done from India where note-taking during lectures has been a practice I had always found it easy to take notes simultaneously during the lectures. To be honest, during my undergraduate studies more than reading from a book, my in-class notes has always been helpful and sufficient in understanding the concepts. So, I always make sure my notes are up to date with the lectures and I always keep them organized so that I can refer to them during examinations. I started taking notes during the lectures since my mid-school so it was then where I struggled to make proper notes as I was not able to match lecturers with my writing speed. But, since it has been a long time now I use abbreviations, short terms and other ways so that I can follow the lecture as well as take my notes. I always make it a point to make sure I mark the important concepts as and when the professor discusses the concepts in examination point of view so that I can concentrate more on that topic while preparing for my examinations or essay course works. 
First of all, note-taking can improve your concentration in study very well. Only when learning concentration improves learning efficiency can you be high. For me, my note-taking ability is not very strong, because many times I think I have understood the content of the class and forget to write it in the notes. Make notes, it is to carry out teaching material commonly, deepen memory, be helpful for reviewing; There are also supplementary teaching material content, rich knowledge. At the beginning of learning, I will remember what I write in the teacher's courseware. As is known to all, it is meaningless. Only recording what the teacher says is the most useful. Since the courseware can be reviewed repeatedly, but the content of the class is only once, it becomes more important. And these are often required for future exams. Reflecting on your own note-taking is very much lacking. Firstly, it is necessary to preview the course, go to the class with the questions and write down the answers to these questions in the notes so as to achieve the purpose of learning. Secondly, notes do not need to write down all the content, the focus is still on listening, just need to write down the key words they can understand it.
When I take notes, I usually mark the key points, especially the knowledge that the instructor has repeatedly said. At the same time, I will add my understanding to the notes, so that I can better understand when reviewing, and avoid the situation where I can't read the notes.
Describeyour strategy for reading and understanding the text of the course. How do youorganise your reading assignments? How do you stay focused? where do you study?Do you like to study alone or with friends? How do you tag your text or takenotes? How do you view and learn materials? How do you reward yourself when youcomplete a big job?Read thestrategies of good engineering management readers (link at the bottom ofthis page, click the download arrow to download) and add instructions. Commenton which strategies apply to you and why not use any strategies you don'tcurrently use.
In my daily courses, actually, I just sometimes take notes. Because the lecturers always use slides which are uploaded to the VLE. I can download these slides in advance and pre-read them. And the lectures usually speak quickly, there is little time for me to take notes. So in some courses, I barely take notes.  However, in the Introduction to Communication, I usually take some notes. Half contents are in the slides. But the lecturer will show some examples every lecture, so It is very important to take notes, to know how to deal with those questions. Learning this course, just learning the contents in the slides is not enough, the most important thing is to know how to solve the questions. Lecturer show us the example, then I learn the method of answering the questions. In the past time, I usually take notes by writing  the everything in the board or slides. But it takes a lot of time and affect my listening. I try to make it shorter by writing the key words. It help me save some time. I can maintain concentration in listening. I think I have made some progress in taking notes. In the pre-language course, I have learned some methods of taking notes. I can do some summaries when I am reading some models. When I am listening, I can use the mind-mapping method to help me memorize the words. I also have some problems in taking notes. Mainly are about the speed of taking. Sometimes when i write the notes, the lectures shifted to other parts. When I try to only take the key words, the problems have disappeared.I often organize my notes by write the words in order. I have my own method to understand my notes. When I review them, I will combine my notes with the slides or the text books. By using this approach, I can understand more about the course contents.
The only lectures so far that really reguired note-taking are the lectures that do not support ""Lecture Capture"". With the knowledge that Lecture Capture preserves the lectures for students to watch at their leisure helps dramatically when it comes to finding key information. I would write down a certain note here and there during these lectures if it is crucial information I need on demand.
Honestly, in the last few weeks, my notes were terrible.In class, I always wanted to record everything the teacher said, but as a result, I had no time to write. I can't write fast enough to keep up with the teacher, and most of the time, when I'm halfway through my notes, the teacher has moved on to another topic.Most of my notes at that time were incomplete and disorganized.What's worse,The bad mood caused by the incompletion of notes also affected my efficiency of listening to lectures.Then I changed my strategy.In class, I spend more time listening to lectures and occasionally taking notes, because I think it is more important to understand the class content than to memorize.And after classes,I will review the teacher's slides and put some missing points on my notes which also deepens my understanding and memory of the class content.Usually, I will use red pen to record the key points so that I can distinguish them later.I think these points are likely to be the content of the final test, so I try to write clear and detailed notes and mark them with different colors, which makes it easier for me to understand when I review.
Well, during my masters I learned one thing is to learn by reflection on past actions. I started my masters and start taking notes on diary then I realized that is not enough because in the UK masters system has report writing and assessments for which I need skills of MS Word and I need to strong grip on MS Word so I start making notes on MS Word and start highlighting with red color so I keep in mind those points while reading slides and lectures and now because of this step in am progressing positively in making my assessment .My Methods and way of Taking Notes and OrganizingNote down things that the instructor says more than onceBe selective (don’t take down every single note): take down the main points of the lecture or discussionHandwritten notes work best for classes that have to do withOn your computer, make sure that you have one folder for your notes from each different classKeep all the lecture and slides of that subject in that folder of subjectKeep all the syllabic and hand-outs for each class in the same place as your notes so that they are easily accessible.Be Consistent. You don't want to have to keep trying to figure out how and where you recorded certain information. This will make your organization more difficult in the long run. If you keep to one way of recording notes and specific places for each class, you'll be much more prepared than otherwise.You will need to synthesize the most important material to make sure you know what needs to happen and what was decided.The key questions are like why I take these notes? how I can utilize information from them into my assessments and assignment? It is a way of making things easieryes, of course, I can easily understand my notes because I try to put things in a more organized way so I can easily get access to it and can understand easily.
I normally take notes on my surface pro by downloading the slideshow onto notebook and making notes around each slides. I have folders for each module in my notebook and I label each lecture at the beginning so i have all notes for assignments. As such I have not encountered any problems while note taking but I can be a bit lazy sometimes during lectures. I sometimes go back to lecture capture to complete note taking. I can understand my notes after the lecture as its colour coded so I know which point correlates to what slide.
I generally take notes of lectures delivered in classes. I carefullylisten and grab salient points of lecturer in a particular module. Overtimes,notes made me during lectures or self-study, have proven tobe reliable and helpful in assignment or homework. I do most timesunderstand my notes. On few occasions I could not establish a link with notesmade by me either for understanding or its applicability to solve a problem.
Most of things are included in the powerpoint of the lecture, therefore, actually, there are not many things we need to taking a note. However, as the lecturer in my program have plenty of knowledge in this field, therefore, in their class, usually, there are some difficult but interesting thing which is not quiet related to the course itself and they are exactly what I want to take a note. Another thing I want to taking notes are some question I did not figure out immediately in class. Sometimes, the lecture will say a theory or a conclusion directly without any derive steps. At that moment, I believe most of the student will be confused about how they reach this conclusion, therefore, it is worth taking notes to record these question in order to I could have a reference when I want to review these question or if I forget the answer, I could ask help for the teacher again.
I only remember some important content, and something I want to ask the teacher after class because all the slides and materials have a digital version.
Taking notes in class, I will note the key terms or rules of the term, and then make detailed notes based on PPT after class. I usually finish the notes. When I use it next time, I can clearly know what my notes record, and I will use different colors of pens to record the pity of different importance.
For our professional courses, notes are not the only ones to learn professional skills. Self-learning is the key to our good study.
Thereis no team work in my major, and there is no discussion part. My course is mainly about writing programming languages. Theknowledge points that need to be learned and practiced are in PowerPointpresentations and labscripts, so there is no special needs to take notes. When I need to take notes, I usually use my own abbreviations torecord. For example, the information is recorded as'infm'. When I recorded keywords andthen I couldn't remember the whole sentence, which I need to be improved. In the important notes section, I like to record with colouredmarkers. The higher the importance, the brighter thecolour.
I was takingnotes in each lecture. For instance, in the classes of Law for Engineering. Iwrote down a lot of notes and I sometimes felt that I am losing time because Ido not review my notes. Then I think the main reason, I took notes is becauseit maintains me active in the class. When I reread my notes, I did notunderstand very well my notes. However, in each class I take notes. From otherperspective, I often think that it is important to take note in classes. I feelthat I am not effective notes taker. I think that I cannot discriminate betweenmain ideas and details. I think that everything is important. Another variableis that lecturers speak very fast. It is difficult to take notes in very shorttime. When I am taking notes, lecturer have spoken many word. However, I havemore time to take notes when I read my course texts. If I do not understand Ican reread the book. I learned two techniques to take notes. First, when Istarted my classes, I wrote down everything because I thought that it important.Then I learned another technique which consist in graphic. Now I am using thistechnique because I think that can understand better when I review my notes. Ifsomebody, ask me questions about a lecture I could answer 20 per cent of thesequestion.In the lastmonth, I evaluated myself in order to improve my note taking skill. Then Idecided to write down the main ideas before the lecture. Now I write less wordin each lecture. Now, I can see which it is important idea and I feel that myprogress is little best that before.
In the beginning stage of my study in the University of York, I always tried to write down the whole sentences. However，I found that it would affect me listening the next content. Hence, I changed my method when I realized this problem. I tried to just write down the key words and I found it is time saving as well as useful. In addition, I also like to mark special symbols to show levels of significance. For example, I would like to draw a start in front of the sentence that I think is important. Moreover, I also find that I may misunderstand the meaning of my notes if I don’t review it in time. So I think it is necessary to review our notes and solve the problems in time. 
 When I took notes, I  ever encoutered some problems.For example, when I was taking notes , the tutor might have turned to the new content of lecture, which made me fail to know the new part of  lecture.I wanted to improve this problem and I found that I shlould simplify my notes.So now I take notes by using key words, which can improve the efficiency of note taking.Sometime I will also print ppt and preview it before having lecture.Then when I have lecture, I can take notes on slides.As for the organization of my notes, I often write headings and sub-headings to make my notes look clear. And if I have test questions, I will wirte the question in red pens and ask tutors for help or search answers through the Internet.By doing these, I can understand my notes easily when I review them.
During my high school years I took notes in a completely different way from the notes I take after my undergraduate since during that time I learnt how to take notes properly and take the notes that really matters. This is because at the beginning of my university experience I tended to take worthless notes and ones that weren't necessary. Therefore, I try to get out the most of the classes and get the most important points of each lecture.Now I try to organise myself with different color pens so I can reflect different importances and making things more important than others. This makes me to understand my notes better afterwords. 
I think I take notes in class and from the course texts very well.I am always careful in class.When I encounter the questions i would write down and ask the teachers after class immediately.I use different colors to divide different contents to help me understand my notes when i review them.
My ability to take notes in class is wise. I don't write every slides from powerpoint like certain other classmates. And I only take down something important and focus that the lecturers have taught. In this way, I can save much more time to concentrate on class and don't lost important knowledge. What I say is what I have made progress. Because in the past, I used to write down every contents from slides like some other students, and I didn't understand what the lecturers said. Also, I didn't want to review my notes for the reason that it didn't make any sense. At present, I still have problems in note-taking. Sometimes the speed of lecturers is too quickly to catch up with. Therefore, I try my best to write down the abbreviation of the word in order to catch up with the lecturers. Sometimes I make it, but unfortunately I don't. Last but not least, I should improve myself day by day. During the process of taking notes, I would like to use different color pens to write, and I use the black one to write normal knowledge and use the red one to mark the focus point. In a word, I use this method to show levels of significance. I get used to indicating possible test questions and most of time, I got it! What I mean is not just guess, I always combine the focus point and difficulties to think about possible test questions. I prefer to review my notes every two days to strengthen my memory and understanding. The occasion that I am not able to understand my notes has never happened when I review them.
In the past, when I was taking note, I always try to record all the information I had gotten. It always make me feel tired. Nowadays I have some improvement on the method of note taking. I start to organize the key words and the main points in class and from the course texts. Taking the notes of these would save me plenty of time and let me understand the information clearly. Actually it was so hard to collect all of the information in limited time. So I try to focus on the main point, in order to take notes in time. When I am taking notes, I usually use pens in different color to show different levels. With the reading list, I would review the note about a week. Although there always be a lot of notes, I would screen them and keep the useful information. Because of  the clear notes, I can understand the reading and the lecture much more easier. Sometimes I would have something that I really could not understand, I would record them and find more information about them later. After the further research I would combine the new note with the previous one to make me be able to understand it. If I still confuse with the problem, I will keep doing more further reading and take more notes about it until I could understand it. Every time I would make sure that all the notes I have taken must be understood by myself, so next time I review my notes I could understand them clearly.
To be honest, I enjoy to take notes whether in study or in life, which could let me have a clear planning and maximize the use of time. Generally, I use different color pens to mark different points and draw some structure diagrams to help take notes. In my opinion, good notes are very helpful for efficient learning, which means we can clearly see the structure of knowledge structure and related logic as well as find knowledge points that do not understand. However, I realize that sometimes I spend a lot of time writing things, ignoring what the teacher is saying in class, so that I need to ask some help from class mates. Therefore, I hope I could use some abbreviations and graphics in some appropriate places to reduce the time to take notes and improve class efficiency
I prefer using pens and paper at lecture, because I can write it fast. I like to record the confusing points and those make me feel are special instead of write everything down which may make me lost from lecturer. Actually I think I am not a good note-taker, I need to improve it by learning some efficient methods of note taking.
I used to write a whole sentence when i taking notes, but the problem I often encounter is, normally, I don't have enough time to write a complete sentence, and I will miss the important part of the sentence and write something which doesn't make sense. So, after that, I decided to use the keywords to replace the whole sentence. However, I found that there are less connections between the things written, which means it is difficult to connect them when I reviewing. In other words, my notes are illogical and it is difficult to understand. Now, I have made some improvements, starting to use mind mapping, which is a popular note-taking method. The notes written in this way are very intuitive and easy to review again. In the notes, I will draw some circles or some underline on the key points to highlight it, and vacate a column to write the question. I think my notes are quite easy to recognized, at least I can understand easily, which is very important:).
In the past, I took notes in class more slowly. I always tried to record every sentence of the teacher. This is because I hope that the complete notes can help me during the review. However, I found that my speed does not allow me to record all the content at all. So that , I tried to change my style of take notes. I chose to use simple letters or symbols instead of complete sentences. And under the incomprehensible part of the line, this is convenient for me to ask questions. Now, I can already take notes easily, and I can understand the notes when I review.
To be honest, when I make my notes in the lecture, the biggest challenge for me is to keep the balance of listening and writing. It means when I am paying my attention to writing down some significant points heard just now, I can't absolutely make what the lecturer is speaking clear. So I work out some solutions to solve the problem: first, I think it's very important to focus on the lecture itself. To do this, I don't stay up late and have a good rest in the weekdays, which makes my mind clear in the next day's lecture. What's more, I try my best to record the important points in a brief way so that I spend only a little time in the writing.As for the ways to show levels of significance, I use pens of different colors to notify myself. If it's a very important and significant point, I will use red-color pen to note it, on the contrary, I will use black-color pen to record the less important points. What's more, the size of the text is also a way to distinguish the levels of significance. For the possible test questions, I will notice what the lectuer speaks in the lecture: when they spend lots of time explaining what something means, it must be a core point and to a large extent may be test questions. Actually, I absolutely understand my notes when I review them, as they are what I wrote down with my understanding. However, I am not sure if I can understand them when it has been a long time. Therefore, it's very important to review them periodically.
About taking notes in class, in fact, I rarely take notes by hand in class anymore, because I am now accustomed to using the laptop as a recording tool. A laptop to take notes the way although it was convenient and quick, can greatly reduce my writing time, however, disadvantages is that whenever I read notes, it is very difficult for me to find the notes of the key again, the reason is that my notes are unified on the computer font and format, highlight the main points is not very good. Secondly, I seldom read the notes on the computer, so it is no doubt that I cannot achieve the meaning of taking notes.
To be honest, my English listening is very bad. In class, I can only listen and write down what I think is important. Every teacher uses slides in class, so I can grasp what the teacher said through the slides. Although I have found a way to take notes that suits me very well in class, I still miss out on something. Because my notes are not fast enough and my ability to find keywords is not so accurate. I need to go through more TED videos after class to exercise my ability to find keywords. I can't always find keywords with slide, because always finding keywords with slide help will make me miss something.
Actually I think my method of taking noteis quite good. I often use my ipad to take notes and there are two parts ofnote, first part is taken in the class, I would download the slides before theclass if it is possible and I would like to write note on the slide pages directly.The second part of the note is taken after class, I would like to organize theminto the notebook and use the different color pen in order to show the levelsof significance of notes. Because I use ipad to take notes so I can not onlytake notes but also record the lecture so that when I review the notes it alsocan show me what lecturer said when I took this note. So I can understand mynotes well.
Time flies, the first term of studying at the University of York is close to the end. I really lived a very happy and fulfilling life in the past two months and I also gained a lot at the same time. In addition, I find there are many differences with the previous learning experience for my first degree in China. Summarized as follows: 1. Group study. The experience in group study makes me realize the importance of teamwork. Individual’s ideas are always not comprehensive. However, learning from each other's strengths through teamwork and collaboration can help us make the idea perfect. 2. Case study. It helps me develop the ability of critical thinking and in-depth analysis; 3. Class discussion. It lets me understand the cultural differences. The students with different cultural backgrounds always have different perspectives on thinking and problems solving. 4. Presentation. There are very few individuals or group presentations in the Chinese education system. I think it is a good process of applying what you have learned into practice. And it can help us clearly know whether we really learned or understood the knowledge lectures had shown in class through the presentations. 5. Job application. A preliminary understanding of the UK's workplace which can help me prepare early for job hunting after graduation; 6. Language learning. Fully understand the importance of English and it shows that good communication skills are the foundation of everything; 7. The music community. Students from all over the world come together because of the same interests. And we share music knowledge together to achieve music without borders; 8. Studying abroad. I clearly know that I need to learn to take care of myself and arrange the balance of my life and study reasonably to achieve my study goal since the first day I arrived in the UK.; 9. Traveling on weekends. It helps me feel the customs and traditions of European countries and broaden my horizons; 10. Foreign friends. I have made many foreign friends and really learned a lot about the cultures of different countries and regions through contact during the last two months.
I have overcome many difficulties in thepast two months. I am not so afraid to speak in English in front of so manypeople. I was very pleased to hear that other group members said that my grouppresentations were doing very well. My team members and I will take theinitiative and assume the tasks in the group. In terms of teaching, I can feelthat the instructor tries to let us understand the abstract concept in a moreinteresting way.The main difference between your firstdegree and York's EM master's degree is1. Cultural differences - for example, whenI study Amazon, there is no specific concept for its size in the US or the UK.2. The perspective is more macro - fromdomestic Chinese research to worldwide comparison3. The task is more complex and specific -use the models learned in the class to the real business plan4. The task scoring criteria are veryspecific - implemented to each small scoring point5. There are not many class hours, but moretime to study after class. I can freely arrange life and study time.6. Communicate and learn in a non-nativelanguage7. Classroom atmosphere and equipment isbetter8. The task pays more attention to therigor of internal logic9. There is a lot more time for discussionwith the team members.10 diverse teaching styles
1. study independently2. use technical equipments to study more frequently: laptop, iPad, 3. know more about how to manage time4. be more confident to do presentation 5. ability to solve practical problems6. be good at group study7. can cook well now8. make many new friends than before9. feel more confident10. feel more happy 
I am quite happy for this two months in York.1.More teamwork with our supervision group members; Our group do a lot of teamwork for our enterprise and international business.2.Need more self-regulation of learning; Student need to study autonomically and nobody will urge you to do some things.3.Need to search more resources to complete homework; When i want to finish my essay, i need to search a lot of information from the internet.4.Treat each homework more serious and try my best; 5.Practice speaking and writing skills in English; We have several presentations and some essay homework.6.Correct some bad habits7.Become more confident; 8.Meet more friends from different countries. There are some classmates from different countries.9.Feel different customs and holidays such as Halloween  and ""Black Friday"".10.More peaceful city; York is a peaceful city with a smaller population.
I have been very good since I arrived in York in September. I lived and studied in a completely different environment. From the beginning, I was nervous and orderly. I think I was adapting very quickly. This makes me very fast investing a lot in learning. The most important thing in this process is to overcome psychological timidity. Keep an open attitude to meet new life and make positive changes. Of course, this is also inseparable from the companionship and help of friends. And differences are in the following aspects.1, Here needs more self-learning ability. I think that the teacher is guiding and more important is to think more about myself. 2, Here are many group learning tasks, which will improve the ability to cooperate. 3, There are many practical case studies. 4, There are many students with work experience in the class. 5, There are many related materials that need to be read in advance.6, There is more practical learning content.
I have been studying for two months at The Universityof York. I feel busy and exhausted, but I am very happy and fulfilling. Duringtwo months, I am more close to the group members because of the group work. Weoften study together, discuss the focus of each session and prepare a lot of presentations.We share knowledge and brainstorm. We discuss two or three times group assignments a week, prepare presentations together, and discuss the business plan of enterprise. These learning processes are something I have not experienced before. I really enjoy group work. We cooperate better and better. Thislearning process is memorable.My undergraduate major is environmentaldesign, which is a little bit different from EM. 1. Environmental designfocuses on practice, while EM focuses on the combination of practice andtheory. 2. Environmental design is about aesthetics, including garden design,architectural design and home decoration. EM is a combination of engineeringtechnology and management. 3. Environmental design has not been exposed toeconomic theory, but EM has connection with economics. 4. EM has exposed tolegal knowledge, but environmental design has not. 5. Environmental design hasfewer work options, but EM has a wide range of career choice. 6. Environmentaldesign is mainly based on drawing, but EM needs to grasp certain calculations7. Environmental design is considerate technical work. EM is the generalplanning of engineering projects. 8. Environmental design is sensible, EM isrational, it requires strong scientific research ability and interpersonalskills. 9. EM needs to have the basic ability of project managementdecision-making and whole process management. Environmental design does notneed this capability. 10. Engineering management needs to have preliminaryscientific research and practical work ability. Environmental design requiresmore inspiration to work.
I feel that life in York is more adaptable than at the beginning. Things are getting better and learning is no longer a problem for me. About the difference between my first degree and staging in York, I am going to talking in the following.The first difference is the teaching methods. Teaching in York is to give you an idea or model and you must think about it in your free time. This teaching method focuses on the students' self-reflection ability. In my first degree, teacher  taught the whole and complete process and answer. In this kind of teaching method, the students are taught to be an ideal person, but this method neglects that students must have their own thinking skills.Because the teacher teaches differently, the way I read is also changed. I used to read only on textbooks, but now I am a diverse student. Multi-learning includes extracurricular reading and literature search. This also taught me the ability to find key factors and integrate data. This is a good way for me not to be limited in a theory.In addition, the course content, assignment content, class environment, learning pressure and classmates are also very different from my first degree. The difference between the course and the assignment is mainly due to the difference in the model of class, because the courses here have no scope, and everything can be the teaching content and assignment. In such a learning environment, the atmosphere of class is no longer boring, and the speeches of classmates and teachers in the class can make me think more and more. Therefore, everyone gradually made a more active speech. In order to learn more, the pressure is also improved. I am afraid that I will learn less than others. I hope that I can have more ideas and opinions as others.In the life aspect, the transportation and accommodation are also very different. The basic tool of transportation in Taiwan is motorcycles. Because Taiwan is relatively small, motorcycles can be used in various places and more convenient than buses. But in York, I always use buses and walking. I learn how to take buses, recognize roads, remember landmarks, and so on. Most of the accommodations in Taiwan do not contain kitchens or share kitchens with others. But I think the shared kitchen is a great place to share culture and ideas with others.The last difference is a special difference that I never thought about. That is a nationality difference. At least 80% of my classmates in York are come from China. Because of political problems and sovereignty issues between Taiwan and China, sometimes it is avoided or skipped when chatting with my classmates. Because these questions are very sensitive, I hope that one day I can answer generously, ""What is your nationality?"" or ""Where are you come from?"" and I can answer ""I am a Taiwanese and my nationality is Taiwan.""
Firstly, MSc studying is really different with my BEng course. it gives me more tense, i need focus on studying everyday carefully.compared with my BEng course in Electronic Engineering1. not much exam.2. I need more extra reading.3. more essay to write on.4. more group project.5. I need to not only understand the concept, but need to know to use a lot of management method.6. no more help in essay.7. more lectures.8. everyday is full of studying.9. improve my ability in writing.10. less complex mathematics calculation.
Well, I want to talk about several partsFirst . lecture1-1In Taiwan most of lecture and courses are one-side, it is hard to engage in the lecture, in UK lecturer want to interact with audiences1-2 In the lecture, if you have question people just raise their hand and ask, In Asian people used to listen or maybe just the language barrier lead this situation, for me sometimes I just think what is this meaning or I try to understand everything so I can't ask question as fast as Native speaker.1-3 lecturers are energetic shows they really love the topic or they are professional, by contrast, in my MS'c in Taiwan some of the lecturers look like he just loses 100 million, so unhappy and I can't feel any passion from him.Second Assignment or homework2-4 When I saw my first homework, I was shocked I need to make a paper made transport system? Am I study Engineering Management? The homework was so weary. Now, I would say it is really interesting homework, it makes our teammate get well know each other and know what role might suitable for someone in the future. In Asian homework is homework it is not interesting, it is so academic and tasteless.2-5 collaborate, UK education system really focus and care the teamwork, no one can handle the whole teamwork, it more like cooperate, however in Asian we are competitive education system, we fight each other to get No1.2-6 In wast country University really care about the academic misconduct, everything should be followed the rule, well... we can see it from VLE submit time.2-7 The most important point and is this way I want to study aboard, Here in the UK, there is no correct answer, people care about how you use the tool and your opinion and thought, I really like this point, In my country always have the right answer, I don't like this bad education systemThird study environment3-8 There is a lot of communication area in the college, people can share their idea in the area. In the Asian college seems to be a classroom, people just walk in for the class and get out, they won't spend time in the school, Library in York is so amazing, it creates a perfect area for student study, I love York Library.3-9 VLE one of best in my life, we can see a lot of information on VLE, the most astonishing point is VIDEO, I can review the course every day every time so wonderfulFourth Life in UK4-10 living in UKthe dormitory is so good but it costs a lot of money and the kitchen common room is impressive, people love to chat with their friends there. And here UK people have balance life work and life, not like Asian only study or work.
Time flies too fast, I really can't believe I have been studying and living in York for more than two months. In the blink of an eye, the fist semester is about to end.During this semester, I made some good friends and formed a deep relationship with the members of my supervision group, they really helped me a lot both in my study and my life. I  really feel that the pressure of study is not small, And there are many things to do in homework or class exercise like presentation in International Business model. But in fact, I think that I can balance my life and study for now. I will show my feeling and differences below.1. Time of the class. The time when we have the class is quiet different with my graduate life. In China, our class is very fixed. Each major class is two hours, four major classes a day, and no class at noon. However, in the current school, relatively speaking, the class time is not fixed. Although I have lots of classes everyday, but the classes are less than in China. 2. The focus is on self-learning after the class. Although the time for class is less than before, I spend more time on study. As there are lots of group work or case study to do, our group almost have the meeting every day. As we always have presentation in International Business, we have to spend some time to prepare for it. And I usually spend more time after class to re-read the reading materials and review the PPT.3. More working with the group. Before, I never worked in a group for so many times like this semester. Collaborate study plays an important role in my study now. And to be honest, during this semester, we had good relationship with each other and I learn many things form them. They made me be more careful and logical.4. Learning more initiative. I think it might because I have too much homework or group work to do and I realized that the grade is quite important for me to finding a job, I am more initiate in my study.5. More interaction in class. In my graduate study in China, most of our class is the lecture. For our lecture, the most of time is teacher is speaking and we are listening. If we have some questions, we can ask teacher after class. It is quite different with the lecture in York. The class is more interactive than before, so I am rarely distraction in the class. In addition, I have to say that teacher prepared the class very carefully and interesting.6. The point of study is on the grade before, but I think although the grade is also very important, we focus more on the abilities, such as presentation abilities, negotiation abilities and cooperate abilities. I feel that the things I learn are more practical.7. There are various forms of examination. In the past, we just have the exam or hand in our report for the final exam. But now we have to prepare the presentation, do some case study and exam in the last semester.8. Time for asking the questions. Every time after each part of the class, the teacher will set aside for us to ask questions. And whenever you have questions, you can just raised your hand, and teacher will answer you immediately. It is different with my graduate school. Although you have some questions on the class you can just raise your hand, most of teachers prefer to finish their class and you can ask them questions after class or during the break. If it is not a specialized exercise class, the teacher is more inclined to ask questions privately.9. Combining theory with practical applications better. In the past, we just learn many theory but did not know how to use it in practical. However, from my perspective, all things we learn can be used in the assignment or case study, that we can practice how to use the models and theories.10. More examples. Strictly speaking, this difference is not very big, it may just be the difference in the teacher's teaching style. In some classes, teacher will give us more examples to understand, and even for the law, we can have the presentation from professional lawyers. It is really helpful.
My time in York has been a really good experience so far. I can't believe that the term is about to end in a few days. It went so fast. When I first came here in York, I was really nervous regarding my studies but the tutors here have been so great and especially the modules that they taught was really a fun experience. There are many ways in which I can say that the last two months has been the best learning phase of my life. 1.  My first experience outside of my home country. I have traveled a lot in my country but this is the first time that I have been so independent. So I am really learning how to survive on my own here.2. Like I said above, totally independent here, so have to do all the stuff by myself. Starting from cooking to managing your schedule to even washing your clothes.It is really a good learning curve in my life.3. Regarding the studies, it is a totally different method that they implement in the University. I first wondered why the sessions are not called lectures but as the time progressed here I realized that they have a reason behind it maybe in my sense.  The lectures were really more student focused and involved more of the student participation. 4. Couple of modules during the first term involved a lot of student activity which was essential for the specific module. The group activity was another way to get the students interested in the modules.5. The libraries in the University are excellent as they provide us with so many options. We can go there anytime of the day and study. That is great!6. The college where I stay also has some PC rooms which I can use when I am pretty much tired to walk all the way to the library.7. Interacting with so many international students during my first term here was really fun. It's a totally different experience to work with so many people from different walks of life. 8. The grading system here is also different from the place where I studied. Here knowledge is more important than marks and if you have the desired knowledge then you surely will get good marks. 9. I have to manage my time wisely. That is something that  I am always learning. 10. Overall the studies and my life experience here has been great. It was fun to go and visit some of the finest places in the city during the first few days. I am totally loving the way they go about teaching the curriculum. Looking forward to it the next term. 
Well, I agree that I really learn different abilities and skills after I started learning experience in University of York, I find there are most changes exposed in my study and daily reading, which will be shown as follow.1. The strongest shock, I realised, is culture. I learnt say""sorry""and""thank you"" always, I have said those words just when I need in my hometown. However, I find other always say and I also joined in. Another point is that guys sometimes would like to wear just a T-shirt during a lower temperature, like these days, and nobody feel it is strange, which means I could wear every clothes that I want and do not care others view. Actually, there are other culture shock that I came cross and I gradually became adapt and even like the lifestyle in York.2. I find people who are native citizens are really friendly because they usually ask some one weather need help. I remember that my friend and I prepare go to York outlet but we can not find the bus station, a friendly lady asked us initiatively weather lost or not, and gave us a right road. I could feel warm and enthusiasm, which let me do not alone in a strange country, of course, York is the city that I know best now!3. After started course, the induction week was significantly helpful for my study especially I did not have pre-language course. Bidyut, Noel and other tutors and PHD brought useful skills for me, including how to use library system, or stimulated creativity during group work, which are helpful for our task and presentation.4. During my study, I learnt how to reading efficiently during a limited time, and some skills during writing, like Harvard style. Actually I have never use Harvard style before I took my study in York. It is helpful for my report writing.5. There are different styles during courses, like presentation, drama, case study, group work and  so on, which I never experienced in my first degree in my hometown. Those different styles are not only attractive, but also develop my abilities, like critical analysis, logical thinking and establishing structure.6. I also read lots of documents and reports, although it is tutor asked us to read. Sometimes I cannot understand contents from tutors' lesson, however, those knowledges would be understand very well as long as I read related reports. Tutors do not give you some simple contents, rather than some model or strategies that you will need during homework, so it is critical for our reports.7. Compared with my first degree, there are not exams but reports or case study during final week, which means I not only need to reflect slides from tutors, but also check and read  masses of books, journals or reports. In this way, I can use the methods or models well in my reports.8. In classroom, we could ask questions or express different views at any time, and lecturers are also pleasure to answer and discuss with student, which is another difference. I dramatically like this style in course and we could have a great communication together.9. Another point attracted me is that library have never closed, which is really a great area for my study and I could reading and writing and do not care time. But in my last university, library would closed every night. So, I could go to library anytime especially before deadline.10. I am writing my repots these days and I usually come across problems that I could not resolved, so I would ask related tutors. To my surprised, tutors always reply mails as soon as possible, even if at 11pm, which is really helpful for me and I am really moved.In conclusion, I have learnt lots of skills and abilities due to study during two mouths and I believe that I will learn more knowledge in next days.
First of all, I am a student from China. I have come to Britain from many cultures, and the new concept of education is something I have never been exposed to in China. Because China has a large student population, the form of education is entirely different. This is the main reason why I came here to study engineering management.I have lived and studied here for two months. Time flies and the introduction meeting at the beginning is the most impressive one. Although there are similar meetings in China, they are not as lively and exciting as they used to be. After this series of meetings, I probably had a framework for studying here, but later on, the beginning of the course proved that my idea was relatively simple and challenging to realise.After the start of the course, education mode of york university is different from education mode of most Chinese universities, which is mainly reflected in autonomy and resource provision. Next, I would like to compare the difference between my bachelor's degree education from China and my master's degree education from york university.1, Teaching materialIn China, textbooks are included in the tuition fee, and many books are distributed every semester. Although there are a lot of articles in the library, the manuals are the public version reviewed by the national education institution, and teachers' classes are all centred on the textbooks. In the master's study in the UK, students are more likely to read and consult social resources, which is diversified. However, the selection of key articles has become a necessary skill for students.2, The systemIn the class in China, some universities (I'm not sure how many) can use electronic devices to take notes in class, but most universities are not allowed to use computers, mobile phones and other products in class. Almost all class in Europe and the United States are allowed to use electronic devices, which has both advantages and disadvantages. Not using electronic devices can improve concentration, and using electronic devices can improve efficiency. The key lies in the user.3, ReadingChinese universities will provide some materials that need to be referred to, but they will not give any specific lists of books to be read. Moreover, reading is entirely self-conscious, and the content of reading may or may not be relevant to the class, because the textbook contains the information required by the course. When I first started my study at the University of York, I saw a lot of recommended reading books, and I also looked for electronic books for a long time. The books required are relevant to the class, even at the textbook level.4, Supervision,In Chinese class, teachers will call the roll for each class, which is a form of check-in. The roll call will be counted as part of your usual grade, and points will be deducted if you don't show up. However, there is no roll call system in college classes in Europe and the United States.5, testMost of the examination is a form, is in the form of examination papers, in the master's degree will generally increase the thesis part. In China, most exams are conducted in the form of examination papers. Although there are also some papers, there is only a defence link after graduation. In the UK, PRESENTATION is also part of the usual investigation.6, the campusBritish universities are all beautiful, especially in the city of York, the university is integrated with the surrounding urban areas. The biggest difference with China is that york university has no walls or gates. In China, every university has a front door marked with the name of the university, which looks very imposing and has a sense of age. It may also be because there are too many people to protect the safety of students on campus.7, HomeworkAs mentioned above, most exams in China are conducted in the form of examination papers, so are assignments. Written assignments account for a large proportion, and hands-on practices can only be done frequently by some competitions or project groups set up by teachers. In the UK, most of them focus on the practical operation. For example, most of our majors are carried out in the form of a group practice or group discussion and analysis. This is what I like very much, because only in this way can I have a better understanding of engineering management course, rather than just from books.8. Class typeThe word ""accept"" for the Chinese classroom, the students always listen to the teacher from customized teaching outline the knowledge you are in a passive + active two-way interaction, in the UK is ""get"" student is the main body, we need to consult the knowledge independently compared with the teacher's point of view to discuss in class, professor or teacher, of course, is given priority to, but this process can make us understand knowledge deepen.9. Mentors and studentsWhen I was an undergraduate student in China, we had many teachers, but we did not have our tutor. When I came to the UK to study for a master's degree, we had our tutor, and a lot of homework and discussions were conducted in a group of 6 tutors. The final graduation Project was also carried out by six people as a group.10. Teaching facilities After years of development of science and technology, the evaluation standard of teaching facilities has been divided into two parts: software and hardware. The hardware part is dormitory, classroom and multimedia equipment. In China, the dormitory is four rooms. The classrooms in China and the UK are almost the same and are well equipped with multimedia. And in software respect difference is bigger, although the campus network of China builds pretty good, the effect difference that invests capital and gets has a bit big, the student is not very humanised when using, use rate is lower. The most important problem is that GOOGLE's education service is available in European and American countries, while China has stopped the service authority of GOOGLE, which is undoubtedly disastrous for the sharing and use of education resources. Also, there are currently complete education solutions similar to Google's in China, and Baidu can only solve the problem of some academic materials. At present, China needs to improve its software urgently.
In these 3 months in York, everything is getting on well. (l participated in the 4-week pre-sessional program so it is 3 months for me)As to the teaching style, the most surprising point is the requirements for the assignments are more careful about the comprehensive development of the students. We have been asked to play a short drama or take a video to record our experiment. This kind of style is quite interesting and to engage students in learning. As to the learning style, I think it is more self-learning things than learning things from the lectures. All we need to do is to devote time to reading the book lists and keep thinking.It is not such a difficult thing for me to solve with the living environment, I am more resilient than I has anticipated before I come here. I am quite an independent person which means I can handle a lot of things by myself, such as going shopping alone, taking part in the activities freely that I am interested in and cooking meals which is a piece of cake for me. I do spend time on applying myself to study, however, for the reason that it is absolutely the first time for me to write an essay in English. I have to say I am totally adapted to this after the language program. (I am so grateful to that 4 weeks.)In the term of the difference between my bachelor degree and the MSc in EM here at York, there are so many variations for me to say.1. Absolutely the first one is that the learning environment, all the resources and course contents are in English, which is my second language.2. There is a large amount of homework for us to do is in the supervision group which is more challenging and interesting.3. Besides the time to focus on our study and writing the essay, I also need to balance the time for daily life, I need to take good care of myself.4. Both the learning pressure and the homesick faced with me, I believe I can handle this personal trouble through the ‘resilience’.5. Usually, in the colleges in China, we do not need to read a long list of resources. While I actually enjoy the time I spent on reading and writing something, which leads to the fact that every day here passed so fast that I have to treasure and manage the time well.6. In the University of York, there are intelligent and effective machines helping us to borrow and return the books in the library.7. The classmates here are more engaged in the courses and lectures, not just the listener. I do learn and feel the multi-active, linear-active and reactive model through the cultural differences. 8. In China, we will finish all the assignments in that term, and will never start an exam or set a deadline at the beginning of next semester.9. The teacher and lecturers here dismiss every class in time and never waste the time to check the attendance of all the students.10. I spent more time on self-management and tried new things to explore more potential in my future life.
I personally think I can get on my study well , I have already got used to the teaching style here.1.Studying in University of York pays more attention to the ability of teamwork.2.Lecturers pay more attention to the cultivation of students' ability.3.Students have more time to do what they like.4.Many tasks are done in small groups.5.Vle helps us to see the PPT and replay of the lecture.6.Lecturers at University of York like to interact with students in class.7.We have many presentations to show our ability.8.The library of the University of York has many resources for us to use.9.If you don't understand something, you can communicate with the teacher by email after class.10.The accommodation environment is also different. We used to live in a collective dormitory, but now we have a room for one person, which is quieter and suitable for study.
The learning environment and living environment in the UK are very different from those in China. For example, I have a lot of homework in China, many architectural drawings, and many exams. But here, more is to focus on teamwork to complete the project, as well as personal and conscious learning.The biggest difference is the contrast between York and my previous studies. For example, there are the following points.1. The learning environment is different, and classes are shared with classmates and friends from all over the world.2. The way of doing the work is different. Most of our work in China is done in paper form, and here is the electronic version.3. Different living environments4. Different cultural backgrounds5. The teacher lectures in different ways, such as using PPT to show the key points.6. Different holiday time7. Different assessment methods8. Take a computer class here. Before taking a class with a notebook9. There are many corporate lecturers, paying more attention to practical applications.10. Different ways of writing.11. The method of reference is different. 
a. My experience in YorkFirstly, English is not our first language but it is not the reason not talking to English people. it is impossible to be as fluently as the English people to speak English even though we stay in the UK for a few years. Whether we use a single word or take out a mobile phone as a translator, I think they don't mind and even feel that you are listening to them carefully. Besides, the purpose of studying abroad is not to stay in the dormitory to play computer games or watch videos. It just locks yourself down in your own world. In addition to accept the more advanced education, our purpose of studying is to learn different people, different cultures and open up a broader vision for ourselves. b. List 10 differences                               MSc in EM                                                   My first degree(electronic engineering)1.                more lectures, no labs                                                      lectures and labs2.               presentation, report(business plan)                        lab, project, report, exercises3.         less individual work and more group work               individual work and less group work4.            more reading and thinking                                         more exercises and projects5.                              report                                                                       exams and report6.                         management                                                                     engineering7.                              
I have been in York for two months and I feel that it is still going well. The first two weeks I have just arrived here are days that I will never forget in my life. I have to face unfamiliar environments, strangers, language barriers and other difficulties. But everything will pass, and as time goes by, people will eventually walk out of the past. Studying in York is also very different from my college life. Here we have more free time to learn, and more reading lists. So often I will write homework day and night several nights before the deadline. I know this is a very bad study habit, although it is very efficient, but it is not conducive to the quality of homework. Studying in York is also very different from my college life. Here we have more free time to learn, and more reading lists. So often I will write homework day and night several nights before the deadline. I know this is a very bad study habit, although it is very efficient, but it is not conducive to the quality of the work. In fact, we have a lot of study time, we can have enough time to read a lot of books to help learn. Or go shopping in the city of York, sometimes give some inspiration to my marketing course.Differences : 1. Different major. 2. Different language. 3. Different difficulty. 4. Different research directions. 5. Different ways of teaching. 6.Different self-learning time. 7.Different attention is required to ask students, for example，critical thinking. 8. The focus of the course is different. 9.Pay more attention to the cultivation of students' interest. 10.Tend to let students choose the knowledge they are interested in.
I am very glad to learn in York, and there are so many kind people. I think there are some differences between my last formal education and the MSc in EM here at York.1. Accommodation Before: college allocate the accommodation. Now: Rent house outside by myself2.Food Before: Have food in the college Now: cook myself3.Learning Before: Have many lectures everyday Now: Only 1 or 2 lectures everyday.4.Free time: Before: Few free time. Now: Much free time everyday.5.Library: Before: Don't have so many computers for students. Now: many computers for students to use.
My course of first degree is Chemical project and technology, so there are lots of difference between these two course.1.There were more assignment related to mathematics in my first course, compared with MSc which only need math in finance.2.There were lots of theories and formulas which need to be recited and manipulated within homework and test in my first course, while MSc doesn't need that.3.The time of two course is different, I have tp spend 4 years to acquire my first course in China, while MSC requires 1 year.4.The language I have to use for speaking and writing is different, in my first course I can use my mother language, while I have to use English for MSC.5.The subjects in my first course focus on convergence of thinking, because questions and problems need to be solved by digging on one point very deeply. But Msc needs us to image and discuss the strategy of management in the future.6.In my first course , we need to conduct many chemical experiments in labs and write reports, while there is no experiments in MsC.7.In my first course students can contact with teachers by phone number or wechat, while we can only connect with teachers by emails in MsC.8.In my first course there is rare assignments which need students cooperate with groups, because thinking independently is emphasized, while we have to cooperate with group members every week in Msc.9.All my classmates in my first course are Chinese, so we can communicate with others smoothly.In university of York, there are many students from different countries, so we have to overtake cultural gaps.10.In my first course, all students live in student dormitory,the price of that is 90£/per year, which is very cheap. But the conditions were not very good because four students have to live in one small room with bathrooms shared by the whole school. But students have more opportunities and enough time to know each other because they live together, rather than in Msc we can rarely know some names of classmates. 
1. Cultural Intersection of Diversity：When studying for undergraduate degree in China, the schools are basically Chinese. In Britain, there are many students from other countries and regions。2.There are a lot of things that need to be previewed before class. When I was in University in China, teachers seldom asked for preview, nor did they provide materials before class. In York, I need to read materials in advance, and sometimes I need to learn about cases.3.In Chinese classes, in many cases, the teacher will need to understand the things are stated or listed, their own understanding after class, while the British teacher will only speak out the most important part, other expanded knowledge and related basic concepts need to expand their own learning.4. In English classes, there are often guests to give lectures or introduce knowledge. In China, they will not do so in class. They will be added separately at other times.5. In Britain, many assignments or tasks need to be done in groups. In China, only a few tasks are done in groups.6. In Britain, teachers like to use email as the main communication, while in China, they usually use telephone or Wechat to communicate.7. In Britain, students are required to experience and find problems. In China, teachers will tell you the focus of some problems.8. In the UK, assignments or papers are submitted to teachers in electronic archives, whereas in China they are mostly submitted in printed form.9.In some classes, some related theatrical performances and PPT presentations are required. In China, there is little time for performances or demonstrations in class.10. In China, many teachers are boring and rigid in their lectures. In York, most of them are vivid, vivid and humorous.
1. The major of study is different. The content of my first degree study is electrical engineering and automation. Now the master is studying engineering management.2. The classmates and friends around you are now accepting different cultures. In the first degree, there is only Chinese traditional culture.3. Different diets, the current daily diet will have steak, pizza, chicken wings, fish and chips, unlike the single Chinese meal in the past.4. The content of the class is different. Most of the first degree studies are professional knowledge and test ability. Most of the students are now speaking skills and skills, professional knowledge, and critical thinking and teamwork skills.5. The knowledge of learning is more profound. Now the professional skills and ideas of master's degree learning are much harder than the first degree.6. Accommodation is different, accommodation in York is one person and one room, and in the first degree is eight people living in a dormitory private space will be much less.7. The living environment is different. There are many people on the road in China and in the school, but there are many people who are much quieter on the campus in the UK.8. Languages I will practice English as much as possible here, because English is not good. There are some problems in my study and daily life. I don’t need to practice language in my hometown.9. The relationship between the students is more closely, because the current group of projects in the study account for a large proportion, but in the first degree all the work is basically done independently.10. Different teaching ideas, now more emphasis on the cultivation of all aspects of knowledge and ability, in the first degree is basically the transmission of knowledge.
1.Teaching style in class :in York,the teacher always lectures with PPT, and makes detailed explanations around the PPT content. The teacher will ask open questions to arouse students' thinking. And ask questions after the lecture.My last course was studied in China. In class, the teacher would write the knowledge points he wanted to talk on the blackboard, and the content he prepared was also written in the notebook. The teacher imbue us with what he says directly and the questions they ask are of the standard type. The teacher stay until the end of the class and not leave time to ask the students if they have any questions. After class, students ask themselves questions that they do not understand.2.Preview. In York, teachers send PPT to students in advance, and put recommended articles, books or video in VLE. These contents will be of great help to the study of next class, which will help us understand or extend more ideas in class. In the last degree, teachers generally do not require students to prepare for the class, but require students to finish their homework carefully. Students preview by ourselves after finishing their homework. The way to preview is to look at the textbook and try to do the exercises by ourselves.3.Knowledge.In York, my courses include international business, enterprise, marketing and so on. The attributes of these courses mean that we need to read more articles. In the last degree, my courses are data structure, complex variable function, programming and so on, which means we need more practice.4.Collaborative style.In York, we have six members in our group, and in enterprise, we have seven members. We need more group work, so we need a stronger sense of teamwork. In the last degree, we only have one assignment that requires teamwork, and we have three team members. In that teamwork, we simply divided the work and then completed the whole task together.5.test.In York, in this semester, the examination of most subjects is assignment, so we need to be able and preferably prepare for the assignment throughout the semester. We need to read a lot of literature according to the requirements given by the teacher, put forward our own opinions and find strong evidence to support this view. In the the last degree, our examination method is the examination paper. We take the mid-term exam and the final exam. And our usual homework and attendance are also included in the final score.6.Homework.In York, our homework is usually based on group work, which requires team members to cooperate to complete. Except for one course, we need to complete and submit it online every week. In the last degree, we have to finish the exercises assigned by the teacher in each class and move our homework to the teacher's office by the class representative before the next class.7.The method of contacting the teacher.In York, when we want to contact the teacher, we can send an email to the teacher. In the last degree, when we want to contact the teacher, we can send a text message to the teacher or go to the office to find the teacher directly.8.The types of courses. In York, at the postgraduate stage, due to the short length of schooling, we only had major courses. In the last degree, my undergraduate period was four years, so in the first two years, we had P.E. and other elective courses which were especially interesting, such as etiquette course, knowing ceramic shell and so on.9.Activities.In York, during this semester, we receive emails of various school activities and we can choose to go or not to go voluntarily. In the last degree, we have all kinds of class competitions, such as radio gymnastics competition, sports meeting, class chorus competition, class design competition and so on.In some of these class activities, we are required to attend.10.Class time.In York, all our lessons are in the daytime. The earliest class time in the morning is nine o 'clock. In the last degree, we often go to class in the evening, from about seven to ten in the evening. In the first two years, if we don't have classes in the evening, we are required to go to the evening self-study class.The earliest time for class is eight o 'clock.11.Accommodation!
i think time goes very fast. i have been studied at York for two month.during two month, i feel i learned lots of ways to study. i understood that listening to the class is not the only study way. at same time, i know the reference is very important.the difference:  1. in china, listen to class is a simple way to study.                          2. in China，The exam is the way to check if you are serious about class.                         3. the system of British education attach importance to reference.                         4. in china, i have not written a report, but in UK, report is very common.                         5. in china, presentation is not common.                        6. the education of UK are more pay attention to team work.                        7. In the UK, one semester is only half of a semester in China.                        8. in the UK students have more free time.                         9. in china, there is no homework like e-learning.                        10. in china, student don't have their own supervision tutor.
Firstly, it is my honor to be an international students at University of York. During these 2 months, I learned a lot of knowledge that I never touched before. The education style of this university is very good for students to evaluate knowledge by themselves. At class, tutors will give us basic definition of specific theory or terminologies then after class we will spend extra reading further report and articles to evaluate deeper meaning of these theories, that is very help for our students to understand them. On the other hand, at classes, lecturers always interact with us. By using suitable interactions, can get every students involved in class and make them concentrate on the topic. Firstly, I was not suitable for this teaching and education style, but after 2 months' experience, I found I am get used to this specific style for further learning. Compared with the undergraduate study in the UK, this 2 months' postgraduate course is exactly the different experience:1. When I was studying in the Southampton for undergraduate course for Construction Management, there were only 20 students and we normally learned in the small or medium classrooms. However, by considering the large number of students in current major in University of York, mostly we learned in big classrooms.2. The standards of study is more serious compared with that in undergraduate study. For example, when I used the Harvard Reference in undergraduate study, the university did not have such as high standard to regulate every students. However in York, we have to follow every regulation and rules of Harvard Reference because this can directly affect our results of reports3. The environment is the most different thing4. Different teaching style5. Tutors and lectures use different styles and methods to teach us and evaluate our assessments6. In University of York, I can directly noticed that every one is busy and has lots of work to do, and most of them love studying and visiting library for further knowledge.7. Weather, when I was in Southampton it always rained, but in York the weather is better.8. Geographical difference9. Different talking style with people, such as the difference of accent10. More international students in University of York.
I don't think it is easy in studying life currently, more reading, more assignments, group working also hard.1. Teaching content, I need to learn more by my self, finding information to finish assignment now.2. The form of the exam, there are more report that I have to finish.3. I have any questions that I can email to tutors,  they solve the question as soon as possible.4. More and more question that I have to thinking between the class, because in my first degree, I just listened to carefully during the lecture, the teachers would tell us everything what we have to know and it would appear on the exam paper.5. Critical Thinking.6. Group working and Group assignment. 7. Through a lot of reading, from different angles of observation, reading, analysis and then make conclusion.8. No book for each course, only slides by Vle.9. Inviting people from relevant company to speak, making a presentation.10. Taking note more important than before.
Time flies, and soon, the firstsemester of my graduate studies at York University is coming to an end. Whilebusy dealing with various deadlines, I think this is a good time for me toreflect on my learning and life changes and my response.Firstof all, York is a city with beautiful scenery, no doubt about it! The pace oflife here is very organized. People don't rush to work, but pay attention tothe beauty of life. Even if I finish my studies next year and return to Chinaagain, I will never forget the memories of living here. Indeed, the food,weather and customs of the UK are very different from those of China, but Iquickly adapted to it because I am learning new things with the feeling ofaccepting everything! My study life at York University is very different fromthat of my undergraduate degree. I will list them one by one: 1. Teachersprefer to use the carefully prepared slides to teach. These teachers' slides orteaching methods are more interesting than my previous teachers, which makes memore focused on class. 2. Each lesson is one hour (mostly), while classes aretwo hours in my college, which is too long. 3. The teacher prefers to interactwith classmates. 4. Each person has his own study group and needs teamwork tocomplete the assignment. 5. There are a lot of presentations to do, and it isvery common to have a 3 to 5 minute pre. I need to overcome my shyness and lackof self-confidence to complete this part. 6. The teacher will invite theexperts to give lectures (especially the law class, there are severalprofessional lawyers to teach us this semester, I benefit a lot) 7. The assignmenthas the upper limit of the word instead of the lower limit (this is veryinteresting because in China Teachers often ask us to reach a certain number ofwords). 8. The library has single study rooms, and it’s open 24 hours. 9. As astudent, we need more self-reflection than passive acceptance of knowledge in theUniversity of York. 10. Each group has a supervisor who will talk to everyoneregularly about our study and life, which is very warm.
：1. the way of the course is differences(we have textbook for my last degree)                            2. language is difference                            3. we need to read some materials before lecture now                            4. professor just give us direction we need to learn more by ourselves after class                            5, there are so many opportunities to presentation                            6. we need to team work                             7. we have more interaction with professor                            8. Good time management                            9. testing by the report                            10. more social activity
At the very beginning of the life in the University of York, to be honest, I am not really adapted to the new environment. The study form and the teaching style are quite different from China. Therefore, it takes me lots of time to adapt to the new environment. Fortunately, after two month's adaptation, I really love the teaching style here and fit it quite well.The main differences I found in the studying and teaching style are as list:Firstly, the traditional teaching style in China is that the teacher handle the time of the class all the time and seldom have the spare time for asking questions. And every class we have fixed mission, if we always ask the questions, the tasks cannot be finished. However, I found that the teaching style is totally different in UK. Teachers wish us to ask some questions in class. And this kind of teaching style is really helpful for our study and I adapt to this teaching style quickly. Now, I can raise my own questions during the class.Besides, in the traditional Chinese teaching style, all the knowledge taught by teachers and our students just need to follow them, and seldom do we have the interaction part. I do like the interaction part with the teachers during the learning period in University of York, it can raise our interests in learning and deep our comprehensive of knowledge. Every teacher in our class would like to raise questions and they wish us to answer it actively, especially for Bidyut.Additionally, we seldom write the report in China during my period of the undergraduate and  certainly every course we learned will have the final exam rather than the final report. It can be difficult for me to write the report at first, but with the practice of the elearning log, my writing skills improved rapidly. Now, I have the confident that I can finish my report assignments with good writing skills.Fourthly, every question in the exam has the standard answer and seldom can we get the full mark unless our answer is the same as the standard answer. It is not reasonable, but every Chinese student can accept the rule. However, I prefer the style in UK. I remember it clearly that Noel told us that he can't give us the standard answers and the standard answer doesn't exist, but we can get the high or even full mark in many different ways. I prefer the way to marking our assignments in UK very much.Fifthly, almost all the students in China can pass the exam and graduate. The graduation rate in China can reach 98% percent or even more, that means our Chinese students don't have too much pressure to graduate. But in UK, the graduation rate is not as high as China. Therefore, we should work really hard to pass each exam, especially for our foreigners with language obstacles.Sixthly, we don't have the record for the class in China. We should focus all of our attention on the class, because we can't replay the class again. But with the record of class in UK, we can review our class efficiently and it is convenient for us to take down more notes. We can replay the record again if we cannot understand the content of the class, that's considerate for our foreigners with language obstacles.Seventhly, we seldom do the presentation in China. However, I found that many teachers ask us to do the presentation to be more brave and presentation even become one part of the final exam in the course of Enterprise and International Business. To be honest, I am not good at presentation and afraid to speak loudly in the public places. But I believe that after taking these classes, my presentation skills will be improved and I wish I won't be afraid of doing presentation in the public.Eighthly, the final exams almost represent the whole mark in China, nearly no extra part such as presentation or collaborative learning report. But in UK, the final exam can be divided into several parts, not only the final report. It is reasonable, for example, if I am not good at report writing, I can make up my final mark by improving other part's mark. Ninthly, we seldom use the PowerPoint in class in China. All of our courses have the special text book and we should follow the instructions of the textbook to study the knowledge. In the final exam, we often recite some useful knowledge for the test. But in UK, I found all of our teacher emphasis the understanding of the knowledge rather than recite the knowledge. That does reduce my burden of final exam.Tenthly, In order to ensure the attendance in China, we should answer the questions in turn with the record from teacher. The quality of the answer will influence our final exam's mark and the attendance is important to the final mark either. But in UK, the teacher won't force us to answer the questions and we can answer it causally, the quality of answer won't influence our final grade.Eleventh, we will not invite social elites into our class in China, we just have only one teacher for one course. But in our period of study, especially for the course of Law, the social elites are invited to our class to share some practical experience with us. That's quite helpful for our future career.Most importantly, for the final exam we just get the final mark in China, but in the University of York we can get the practical comments, which definitely help me a lot in future's improvement. I can know where need improvement and which part I perform pretty well.All in all, from my point of view, the traditional Chinese studying and teaching style are quite different from the UK. But I think the UK's teaching and studying style fit me well and I have adapted to it easily after two month's adaptation.
Duringthe two months In york, I enjoy the process of studying here very much and feellucky to be here. It is quite different between the first degree and MSC in EMin the following:1.   Tutor give us a lot of reference books toread in York, but the tutor in the first degree cannot give us an abundantresource for us to consult.2.    I learn to how to use indirect referenceand some detailed requirements. In the past, I only knew how to use directreference and make the reference directory.3.    York University gives me a lot of free timeto do improve myself, like musical instruments and balls. By this way, I learnhow to study independently and plan my free time. In the past, I only knew tofinish the distributed tasks and did not do other things.4.    Tutors give us many interactive changes inthe class and we can give a presentation or a show, which I have notexperienced before.        5.    York University organizes too manyinteresting activities, like bar party, day trip and ball games, which enrichour campus life and release study pressure. By contrast,         I have not such richactivities on campus in the first degree.        6.    York University sends email to inform usimportant things and leisure activities and I enjoy the feeling of being cared.Because I could not accept the email frequently like York University, I feelthat I am left out.7.    The learning environment at York Universityis better than my previous university as it put more money on basic softwareand hardware facilities. Because of it, it can inspire us studying hard.8.    Due to a large number of internationalstudents from different countries, I can learn about their different culturalbackground and explore some hot topics. However, I could not touch so manyforeigners in my country, not to mention talking to them.9.    I live in the outside of the campus and Ineed to cook or live by myself, which help me live independently and learn howto look after myself.        10.    I find that English culture has adifference with Chinese culture. when English meet strangers in the road, theywill give a smile or greet with each other. I like this             way as it brings strangpeople together and we live in the same city in a better way.
I really enjoy the process of studying in York and I obtained  a lot of advanced knowledge and theory about management.In addition ,I have learnt  a lot of thinking and academic style which is different from my own countries.Differences between my first degree and the MSc in EM:1、My first degree is civil engineering which is more about technology and design rules,the MSc in EM here is more about management theory.2、First degree require more logic thinking，EM require more comprehensive thinking 3、First degree is mainly  about construction engineering,EM is referred to broader scale 4 、EM here in York concentrate more on the group work than my first degree 5、First degree require more laboratories,EM require  more research and survey.6、First degree belongs to natural science,EM belongs to social science 7、EM in York  highlight more evidence to support opinion and report 8、First degree last assignment is design work,EM in York  last assignment is report.9、EM in York  has more interaction and practice in classes 10、EM in York has more practical cases in class to show the definition of some key and important concept.
As for the studying, i must to say the aim i come to the university from UK is change the attitude about studying and working. The differences:1.time-management. In China, my teacher gave us specific deadlines for a course, which means i have the clear timetable provided by my teacher. However, in UK, i need to learn make a plan by my self. I think i have many things need to learn in this field, sometimes i find the methods in youtube. Beside, the learning and relaxing time balance are also important.2.library. In China, the school library open in 6:30am-9:00pm. In the university of York, the library is available 24 hours, actually really convenient for students.3.self-learning ability. In China, professors taught student the things they believe students must learn. But in UK, professors prefer to give a guide for students, we need to find the think we need.4.the form of report and essay. Really difference way to use materials, such as the the way use reference.5. practice. In China, we learnt the kinds of theories. In UK , we use theories. For instance, the course of strategic management, students need use various model to explain what you want to say rather than explain a method we want to use.6.the teamwork. In China, basically, every parts of courses finished by a single student. In the university of York, the first day we meet the classmates we have a supervision team, which need to cooperate with each other in the next 1 year.7.communication. Chinese prefer to listen the thinking from other people firstly, and then with their own thinking. In UK, the first step is self-thinking, and then change the opinions.8.critical thinking. The professors i meet in the university of York are emphasis on critical thing. In China, less teacher told about it.9.the web learning system. In the university of York, students have VLE which can provide a platform to pre-review and find the recording of courses. In China , my first degree school didn't have a system like this.10.Integration. In China, we learnt different courses separately. In UK, as my master degree , different course information can use in one course.
1.The way of teaching are different.In my first degree,lecturers prefers say all that need to be learned.They will told us the key points of tests,then if we revise those contents seriously we can pass exams.And lecturers don't attach much importance to the interaction with students.While York's lecturers hope students can communicate with them,and give them more feedback.2.Now lees time in class,students have more free time,so we need to manage well our time.3.The teaching content are different.In York,lecturers prefer give students more chances to show themselves,like more presentations and more plays.4.York's lecturers are willing spend time to communicate with you ,they are very kindness.In the past,I thought my lecturers are serious,I were a little bit afraid of talking to them.5.My first degree are still used a lot of paper works,now,almost do everything on the internet.6.My way of learning form passive to active.In York,I have read more relevant materials,so that I can better understand the content teach from lecturers.In the past,lecturers would lead us in each lessons.7.Language environment id different.Now,I need use English.8.Regional differences.York's weather is cold and wet,and it  gets dark early.So I don't want to go outside and I always think,It's getting late,I want to take a break,but when I see the time it still so early.9.I became more independent,because I leaved my comfort zone.I have to take good care of myself without parents and friends'help.10.In my first degree,I didn't want to show myself,but in York,a different environment,when lecturers publish assignments about presentation,I want to grasp the opportunities to train myself to be confident. 
1 The learning environment is different.2 Teaching methods are different, and the University of York has more communication.3 Homework is different,EM has more practice.4 The lecture will give more examples during the class.5 The teacher’s lectures are very humorous and easy to accept.6 EM has more interaction between the students.7 I have more time to think independently about what the teacher is saying.8 The teacher will give you more advice to help you learn.9 After class, there will be more detailed information to help me review.10 EM has  more presentations to show myself.
1, I studied many classes about real estate during my first degree but now I'm studying many lectures about management . 2, I just needed to focus on the content of my teachers said and the powerpoint when I were in my first degree but now there are more opportunities to communicate with lectures during classes . 3, In the past , teachers explained all kinds of knowledge to us and we just need to listen but now sometimes we need to feedback concepts or topics through many different ways such as drama in the class of  international business . 4,I need attend my schools' tests at the end of the term but now there are some essays and no tests ,I think this is a very obvious difference . 5, In the past, I was very afraid to express my views on some issues in front of my classmates.  6.  
I really feel the differences between thistwo countries, there is a saying in our country "" beautiful mountain，beautiful water but so boring "".it's because that Chinese thinkthose foreign countries especially European countries and Canada etc are ofperfect natural scenery but less people and poor entertainments. Therefore, Iam sure that I have spend much more time on study now compare with in college.    The most priority reason is that I really feel boring here, I can't tellif it is a good or bad thing, I used live in SHENZHE--one of the most biggestcities in China. The population density of it is 5963 per square mile while inYork ,the data is only 27 per square mile. In my leisure time ,I can go tocomplex shopping mall ,KTV ,eating delicious food very easily and it is usuallystill very crowded at 9 or 10 o'clock outside however the shops here wouldaround 6 o'clock and it will be dark before 4 o'clock in winter so I almoststay at home every night so that I can take more time to study .   But it is a good place to enjoy yourself, the ancient city ,quiteenvironment , it is really a luxury experience walking on the stoney road alongthe river without thinking anything.The second reason I think is the heavyassignments. we use a different way treating the assignments compare withcollege. We had at least two hours for one lecture a week and we hardly reviewthe lecture until the end of semester because we don't have many assignment atusual.  Most of the modules end with exam and most of us would choose to reviewtwo weeks before exam which help us to have a instant memory. However, most ofthe lecture requires a report and there are several reports are required to behand out after the vacation. This really shock me because I always have everythingdown and get my grades before vacation so I can really enjoy it.   What's more, most lecturers here never do the roll call and don't havethe marks for usual performance. All the knowledge you have absorbed in classwould only be represent on you final report which will determine your couldpass or not .
I have been studying at York University for nearly two months, and I feel that I have gradually adapted to the educational methods and learning environment here. Different from Chinese education,  University's education in York focuses on self-directed learning and teamwork. When I first came, I was not used to this kind of learning model. I often encountered things I didn’t understand. For example, I couldn’t find the website of the school, the materials of the class, and I would not use the resources of the library. I was very desperate in that part of time. But as time went by, with the help of my teachers and classmates, I slowly adapted to this life and studying environment. At the beginning, I couldn't understand the content of the class. Then I would preview the knowledge of the next class in advance and exercise my listening level to help me understand the class. The teacher's style of lectures is also different from that in China. They use slides to explain each lesson, and they will ask many questions in the classroom. However, after class, they rarely urge us to learn. The main way of learning here is to study independently. The mainstream way of British universities is independent thinking and teamwork. I have learned a lot here.Now I can read the materials in the library alone, I can study alone in the study room, and I also can actively communicate with the teacher after the class by mail. In the group discussion, I gradually adapted to this learning style. I am a person who does not take the initiative to communicate with others, I also lack team spirit and leadership skills, but in University of York, I met very good team members. They gave me a lot of help in learning ability and expression. They let me have a new understanding and definition of teamwork. Below are some of the main differences between my first degree and the EM Master's degree in York. My first degree is in China. 1. The university life in China is busy and the course is very busy. The study and life here is relatively easy, only about ten hours of the week. 2. Chinese university study is mainly based on making questions and exams. The learning here is mainly based on practice and research. 3, Chinese university teachers will speak a lot of topics in class and they rarely use computers to teach, they are mainly based on book knowledge. The teachers here will use slides, which contain knowledge points, extracurricular information and some useful materials to let us understand the content of the class.4. Chinese university teachers will manage students' after-school life. The teachers here will not actively manage the students' after-school life and study. 5 My university life in China is more boring than there is no extracurricular activity. Here I have joined many interesting clubs to enrich my after-school life. 6. I rarely have teamwork or group discussions in my university studies in China. But here the group work has a very important position throughout the semester. 7. I rarely check information and study alone in China. Here I have to take the initiative to go to the library to access the information and find useful information.8. My home study will do a lot of arithmetic and physics problems. But here is mainly to learn management knowledge and enterprise knowledge.
I have been here for nearly two months, and I think I have adapted the life and study style of York perfectly. And there are many differences between the study of MSc degree and the former one. 1. first and the most important, the language is the biggest difference. In my last degree, most courses were delivered by Chinese, but here all are given by English, which is really a big challenge to understand the lecturers at the beginning.2. In the last one, I always did some design work by myself. But here, most work and assignments are group work so I need to always organise group talk every week to keep the process of the project.3. Now the reading materials are very abundant so I need to spend a lot of time reading. I only read something in the textbook before.4. Now, most courses are accessed by the presentation, essays and group work, but I always had tests before.5. Now, the varieties of homework are different, which make the study interesting, but I did the same type of homework in most courses before.6. Now, the feedbacks of lectures are very important and useful, which can help me to understand the theories, but I received the feedback rarely before.7. Now, I always go to the physical and online library to find the relative study materials to help to understand the theories that delivered by lectures in classes, but I seldom to find more information proactively before.8. Now, I prefer to ask questions by email to my lectures, but I always asked lectures after class as soon as possible for they didn’t check email very often before. 9. Now, in the class, I need to take the presentations very frequently, but I just listened to my lectures in most time before.10. Now, I have a supervision group with other five classmates and I need to lead the group which makes me a little bit tired, but I only need to guarantee my own study before.
The number and style of lectures is much the same as it was in my undergraduate degree, but the number of students in the lectures are very different: in my undergraduate degree, lectures would have no fewer than thirty students in attendance, and often well over a hundred (depending on the module), whereas all of my lectures for the MSc have only ten, and the same students in each, as there have so far been no elective modules. This has led to a much more intimate, seminar-like atmosphere in lectures, as the lecturers and students are a great deal more closely acquainted with one another.Furthermore, the number of students at this university is much smaller than that of my previous one, and being in the smaller postgraduate community (as opposed to the considerably larger undergraduate one) has emphasised this. The city itself is also smaller.In addition, I do not currently have a weekly meeting with a supervisor or tutor, which was a fixture through all of the years of my undergraduate study. There is, however, the same expectation to undertake forty hours of study per week, through a combination of any contact hours and personal study.Another major difference is that this MSc is assessed entirely through coursework, whereas during my undergraduate degree, I was graded based on my performance in both coursework and exams. In fact, a much greater emphasis was placed on the latter, with most of my marks determined from exams, of which I typically had ten to twelve per academic year. 
In general, I feel a huge change in my life. First of all, I’m feeling my improvement in the English language. I’m more fluent and confident in speaking, writing starts to be much easier, listening is much better but I have still problems sometimes with understanding. Second, I feel that things that I’m learning at the University of York are important, practical, perspective and that allows me to be continuously motivated. Additionally, I found a temporary job that I’m happy with, also I’m started to carry on my overall health. In general, I’m very happy with my all improvements.  I think that I didn’t apply myself in some extraordinary way to the new environment. Just trying to find myself in a new country, and enjoy this “adventure”. Teaching or learning way is the same for me as before. The major change was to get used to the different food, left order at the streets and the variety of ethnicity.  Differences in teaching between first and second degree: -    subject, -    language, -    much fewer classes in the week, -    much fewer courses, -    teaching is more targeted, specific, practical, interesting,-    much fewer students at the course,-    higher quality of education,-    better teaching equipment and facilities,-    a different form of assessment.  
I have really enjoyed the lectures in terms of both the content and the delivery of them. I have struggled with some of the labs but I think once things click and I improve with my programming abilities I will enjoy it a lot more and obviously this will help with my assignments. I think York is a great place to live in as well as to study. I would say that in the past week my motivation has dropped a little, this may be to do with Christmas coming but, hopefully, I can regain some of the stamina I need to keep on going until I've finished my assignments. I would say the biggest difference between my undergraduate course and this MSc is the fact that there are no exams for this and having summative assessments throughout this year is something that is really different; my BSc involved just 2 weeks worth of exams at the end of the entire year. My BSc also had some 120 students so the lectures were much larger and less interactive, compared to this course where there are only 10 of us. I definitely prefer the smaller class size as it feels more appropriate to ask questions and engage more with the lecturer. Another difference is that of the content itself, My BSc was in physics and - although there are many links, especially in the maths behind certain phenomena - I enjoy the application of audio and music a lot more.
That two months that I've been living in York have passed very quickly but I'm feeling good with the course and the experience of living here. I relation to the differences in the learning style between my previous degree and York, I think that the main change has been the difference between lectures and labs. When I was coursing my previous degree, in my timetable, I just had module slots but without differentiating labs and lectures and, in the majority of the cases, the classes were all lectures and in some modules, we had just practical sessions but without background theory. I think that the approach used here is very useful because after attending the lecture, you have a long lab session (normally in the same week) to try by yourself the concepts that have been given in the lecture.Another main difference is the number of modules per term that we have here and that I had in my previous degree. I used to have up to 12 modules in the same term (semester in that case). There were a lot of 2 or 3 credits modules and for that reason, we had a lot of different assessments, exams and lectures at the same time. The result was that I didn't have enough time to spend in each module and most of the times my works wasn't at the level that I wanted. Here, we just have 3 or 4 modules running at the same time and I can spend much more time in each one to understand better the content and prepare the assessments. However, the 2 or 3 credits approach is not as bad as it might seem since now, I realize that I have an idea of almost all the concepts that have been given here and now I can go much in depth with them much easier than if they were completely new.And last but not least, when I was living in Barcelona I had a lot more distractions than here since I was singing in a couple of choirs, conducting another one, working part-time (and especially the weekends), and much much more activities that stole my time. So now, I have much more time to spend in my studies than then.
To be entirely fair, I did my first degree here as well, so I can't say that there's much of a transition period at all. I'm pretty used to living and studying at York at this point. In some ways, the structure of the course is even very reminiscent of my BSc (Lectures during term 1 are assessed right after Christmas). The major difference is the workload I'd say. This is my first time having so many contact hours, double lectures, 2 lab sessions a day and etc. The pacing of the course is a lot quicker.
This is a very interesting question as I completed my undergraduate study in the same university and department. I really like how everything about sound starts becoming more scientific. I think the course material is very interesting. When looking back into my third year, I feel like there is a massive step up. As masters students we are expected a lot more to look into different resources online for different projects that we are working on and teaching itself does not cover everything that is needed to get a high grade into the assignments. On the other hand the projects themselves are so much more interesting. Every single project we have received so far has made me consider how the main idea could be used into a full research project.
I feel that I am getting on well studying at York this year. As I studied at York for my undergraduate degree I cannot comment on a change in teaching styles, however I can say that I have found the teaching on the MSc has suited my learning style well. The MSc does encourage and require more independent study and interest that would be expected on an undergraduate course, however this is something that I developed and became used to during the final year of my undergraduate study
1. language - Studying in English takes extra time.   2. Independent study - Unlike undergraduate course, the amount of independent study is massive.  3. meals - never happy with meals on campus.  4. lots of programming - I knew I was going to learn programming but didn't expect this much of work.  5. Staffs - staffs in our department are being very nice and helping.  6. Studios and recording gears - easy to access compare to previous uni
I am feeling good to study here. There are so many differences between my first degree and here. Obviously, the biggest difference is language. I never sat in a lecture which was totally in English. Because of this, I especially chose to attend a pre-sessional programme at first. At the beginning, I felt very hard to understand what lecturers were saying when they speak in a high speed. Although sometimes(maybe most of time) I still don't know what they are saying when they speak quickly, I think I make a great progress on my English listening and skills for lectures. When the AMT programme started, I tried to do some reading before lectures. This method does help me a lot. The books from reading list helps me learn new terms in advanced. The term is shorter than my first degree. I had 18 weeks a term in my first degree, but here a term only has ten weeks. This requires me to learn knowledge in a short time. 
During my study in the university of York, what impressed me most was how to write papers with Harvard and IEEE in this course. At the beginning of writing a paper or report, I was not used to it, and I was not very clear about how to rewrite the reference. Fortunately, with the help of my teacher and classmates, I have learned it now. Now I'm getting used to the university of York of learning environment. I like using e:vision very much, and I also like that I can play back the content of my tutor's class after class to help me review better. The differences between the university of York and the universities I went to in China are as follows.1.The teaching method is more relaxed than my previous school.2.Tutors at the university of York are more relaxed.3.There are lots of interesting ways to teach at The university of York.4.My former college teachers would teach students more content in class.5.The atmosphere in my previous college classes was quite serious.6.Comparing with my previous college, there was less pressure to study.7.The university of York has a strong learning atmosphere.8.Lectures at the university of York are more varied.9.The university of York has more group activities.10.My previous university paid more attention to class attendance.
AActually, I have been in York Studying for  four months, and I have to say that I love the city and the university. I really enjoy the class, because teachers would respect the thoughts of students, and the process of discussion in my supervision group is very meaningful for me. There are many differences between my last formal education and MSc in EM, Now I would list 10:1 The previous lesson was biased towards technology, and the current curriculum is biased towards management.2 Previous studies have paid more attention to memorizing knowledge and now more express my own views.3 The previous assessment method is the exam, now the paper。4 In my first degree, it was more about individual study, but now teamwork is also important。5 Postgraduate study requires more energy and time than undergraduate study6 Undergraduate study has more experimental classes than now7 Undergraduate study is more difficult than graduate content8 there are more entertainment avtivities in my undergraduate study9 York University pays more attention to student feedback and self-reflection10 Engineering management pays more attention to the all-round development of students
I feel my time flies, all of a sudden, I have been in the week 10, the last week in term 1. And it remains a lot of reading list to read, several essays and papers to write. Generally speaking, it's a little unadapted for me.Actually, our major is full of Chinese students, I felt no differences between my bachelor degree and MSc degree. There were 72 students in my bachelor major, each six people were allocated into one dormitory. 72 students were compulsory to take part in undergraduate course. And now, in our major, MSc in Engineering Management, 88 students are allocated into 14 groups, each 6 students have a supervisor, and 88 students have lectures together, just like undergraduate courses. However, there are some differences:1) Teaching style. In my bachelor degree, the teachers spread knowledge while in York, lecturers enlighten you and you should put forward by yourselves2) Environment. Although there are too many Chinese students in MSc in EM, there are still several non-Chinese students and we need to have communication with them, making it not to be a simply Chinese school.3) Reading list. In my bachelor degree, students don't need to read too much out from textbook while in York there are no textbook, students need to read recommended books.4) Accommodation. In my bachelor degree, six people from one major live in one accommodation, six people can have many communications and become true friends. However, in master degree, each person decide to live whatever he wants to live, ensuite or studio, on campus or off campus. the accommodation determines the relationship in students.
My last degree was a bachelor's degree. I studied in China. I didn't have a job, which is why I was younger than most of my classmates. That's one of the differences that I want to talk about. During my college years, almost all my classmates were my peers, and most of them had the same experience. Therefore, there is not a lot of generation gap between us. Maybe the way to look at problems will be simpler, but there will be no problem in general communication. However, after I came to york, 70% of my classmates around me had working experience, and their ages varied greatly, which made it difficult to agree on many views. It makes me feel different from my former classmates.     Second , the above point just mentioned that the age of students is different, that is, the cultural background of students is also different. The class should now have students from at least four different countries. But, when I was in college, my classmates were all Chinese.     Third, because of this. Our usual language environment is different. No matter in daily communication or in class, the teacher speaks English. In this way, I can not only improve my English, but also better understand the culture of other countries. However, it is difficult for me to fully and accurately understand what others are saying because of my limited English proficiency.    Fourth, it is very simple. We used to use books in class, but now we use computers. I have to say that this simplifies a lot of work and is much easier to learn.     Fifth, compared to before. There are also differences in the way students are assessed. Chinese universities generally assess students' acceptance of courses by means of examination papers after the end of courses and before the start of holidays. Now, however, most of them prefer to write papers. It may be relatively difficult for me, but I believe I can overcome it.     Sixth, the concept of team learning was rarely mentioned during college. The tasks in college are all personal tasks, which can be discussed with classmates. However, there is almost no such kind of assignments as the course of enterprise that need to be completed by groups. But in doing so, I developed a sense of teamwork and interpersonal skills.    Seventh, life in York is not as colorful as before. Maybe because the York store is closed too early, maybe because I am not familiar with the entertainment venues here. But it also gave me more time to learn to be alone.I think it's also important to cut down on unnecessary socializing.    Eighth, in the study of Chinese universities, physical quality is also valued. We have a health test every year. And if we fail it, it will affect the final graduation grade. However, at York university, I did't seem to find such a rule, and the students here are generally overweight.    Ninth, in the past, the university library was not open 24 hours a day, most of the time it opened at 6 am and closed at 10 PM. Usually at four or five o 'clock in the morning, there were people waiting in line at the gate of the library. This is not conducive to students' free study. York university's library is open 24 hours a day and is divided into discussion areas and self-study areas.    Finally, I would like to say that because the library is open for a long time, I feel that the learning atmosphere of york university is much better than that of my previous university.  Self-learning can exercise one's ability to arrange time. I will be more willing to learn in a good atmosphere.
In the two months I studied in York, I felt like I was having a full and challenging time. I have learned a lot about management, marketing and law, which makes me feel that I have benefited greatly. Especially in the enterprise course, I have never been exposed to a project that creates a company model explicitly. So in the process of doing enterprise work, I encountered many difficulties. Because I am responsible for the part of the market, so I need to consult a large number of valuable literature and websites to make judgments and predictions. So I think I have got a lot of business training and useful experience myself.For the teacher's teaching style, I personally very much like and adapt. First, the teacher will pay great attention to the logical structure in class and will enumerate a large number of data and authoritative information to support the content and structure of the class. Therefore, every time you listen to the teacher's course, you will feel very clean and comfortable. Besides, many teachers like to show in the form of humour in class, which makes me feel very interesting and relaxed. My favourite way of a class is an interesting interaction, compared with the complete theoretical knowledge, the way of interaction will appear more attractive, can make students more involved in the classroom feel.During this semester, I also took part in two positions at the Chinese Student Union at York University. So, I have many opportunities to contact with the local people, and with the local business also have many opportunities for communication, in general, I have gained a good learning experience and internship experience.The graduate major I studied before was MSC information Technology. They are entirely two different majors, one that involves computer software programming and hardware compilation. So here are ten different things I have listed:1: The style of the class is different. When studying MSC information technology major, the teacher's lecture style is generally more severe, primarily in the introduction of the basic concept and theoretical knowledge. Moreover, MSC Engineering's teachers will be more humorous; there will be much interaction with students in the class.2: The nature of the profession is different. My previous professional direction was mainly to be a programmer, can be programmed with different code. Also, the current professional direction is to be an engineer or an entrepreneur, mainly involved in a variety of projects related to the management of appropriate and so on.3: The intensity of the course is different. My previous major required many programming exercises, including some repetitive process of writing programs. Overall more boring. The current professional is relatively easy, so there is not much repetitive work, and compared with the internship I have done before, the overall will be relatively simple.4: The Environment for learning is different. My previous major was on the East Campus of York University campus, where the overall number of people was relatively small, and only three colleges were located in the East Campus. Moreover, the current professional in the West Campus, the overall number of people more, and from the library and other places relatively close, life will be relatively convenient some.5: There has been a change in numbers between the students around them and the major of the previous MSC. My previous major is only nine students, and all are boys, but this year's professional, I have more than 80 students, and then men and women are more averages, so feel more in the atmosphere of the class.6: The teacher's requirements for subject assignments are not the same. Before professional teachers for homework and other formats are not very important, and for reference and so on do not have stringent requirements. This year's professional for the format of the operation and reference and so on have these bright and strict requirements, let me genuinely feel the rigour of British education.7: The arrangement after class is not the same. Previous majors studied programming, so they needed a lot of self-learning time after class, and they needed to search for relevant videos and book materials from a variety of websites. However, now the profession more needs the actual work experience and the practised skill and so on.8: The arrangement of classes is not the same. Before the professional class arrangement is more concentrated, primarily from Monday to Wednesday from the morning to the full afternoon class, Thursday and Friday are more relaxed, but the current professional class arrangement is relatively easy, basically only 2 hours a day course.9: The form of completion of the job is different. The previous professional price comparison emphasises the independent completion of the job, so almost all of the assignments are done independently by one person, including reports, papers and programming. However, the current operation focused more on team cooperation and more consideration needed to be given to the issue of coordination between the groups and the allocation of human resources.10. The atmosphere of the whole classroom is different. Before the professional teachers and students are relatively few words, may be engaged in the computer industry, not very good at communicating with people. However, at present, professional teachers and students have excellent interpersonal skills, can easily and naturally communicate with people.
This is my second year to study in York. I think the Msc is different from IPC courses. I think Msc courses need more cummunication. Last year, I prefered study in my own room and if I have any problems I may discuss with my students and sometime I will ask my tutors. This year, I prefer to spend more time with my friends or group members. I think group work is very important in Msc courses. I like the lectures from people in different companies. I think their experience can help us undersand the knowledge better. I think engineering management is an applied science, we need some experience to help me understand my courses better.
During the two months when I came to york, I felt very happy. The peace of york gave me a great sense of security.After I decided to come to york to study, I first began to study ielts. Since I have a good English foundation, I have achieved the required score in one month of ielts study, which gives me confidence.My undergraduate degree is engineering cost, which is very similar to my master's degree in engineering management in york. Engineering cost is more practical, while engineering management is more theoretical, which is the first difference between them. Second, Engineering cost does not involve engineering management, and engineering management includes engineering cost. Third, engineering management focus more on people management. Forth, Engineering cost needs to learn a lot of knowledge about budget. But they are essentially a profession.
1.The teaching and learning styles in here help me cultivate critical thinking.Before I seldom ask why when I'm reading .2.My listening improved a lot.Before I came to UK, my listening is poor.3.Learning note-taking skills.4.I get used to eat breads and pizza, I didn't like to eat them before.5.I get used to rainy days.Because it seldom rains in the area where I lived in China.6. I will do reflection every week, before I rarely did it.7.When I'm in class,I should take note instead of just listening,because the lecturers in English .It is very hard for to remember the knowledge by just listening.8.English teaching and learning is different from before.9. My cooking skill is better than before.Because everyday I will cook by myself.10.I become liking chips and hot chocolate which I didn't like before.
1. First, I think my English skill improved during the two month studying. Especially listening. This is because I have attended many lectures, not only my major, but also careers and so on.2. I need to arrange my time next term, because every time is so limited, I need to prepare my assginment early.3. In living environment, I think I am bad, because I wanted to connect other culture and meet friends from different country, but I didn't.4. I am not satisfied with my listenning and speaking. I have to feel nervous when I talk to others not Chinese.5. I always review my note in the class, and slides. This is useful to my assignment when I prepare my report.6. The most different in study between undergraduate and master is that I study more management theory.7. Now, my style of lectures are in large class, there are lots of students, but in my degree, I always studied with 20 or 30 students.8. In my last degree, I just had many practice to do, but in york, I have to write essays.9. I had lots of clubs and activities in my last university but now I feel assignment heavy and I am afriad that I can achive distinction.10. I always study by myself in my undergraduate but now I can adjust to group's study.
It is a very different studying experience in here. First of all, I want to say that I have to accept all the difference from living to studying. For example, I need to get used to this kind of British weather and the short-day winter. And with my classmates who are from a different background including different age, working experience, nation and family. So it is a good way for me to know the different views of the world. Secondly, the educational system is different. In my undergraduate studying, I just need to learn much knowledge but need not put this into practice. Here is different, especially in assignments. There is a specific booklet which makes a clear and fair standard for us to follow. And this kind of evaluation system is very valuable for us to know where we should improve. And it is a huge change from my undergraduate major to Engineering Management. Because I used to study at Safety Engineering(SE) which is more likely to engineering and technology comparing with Engineering Management(EM). Thus, mathematics is more important in my undergraduate major. But know I need to learn some course about the business, law, enterprise and personal effectiveness. The content is different. And the assessment method is different. In SE, almost all the course is assessed by examination, but in EM, just Finacial will be examed. And I like write assignment better because it is stressless. And the teaching method is different. Here the independent study is more important because here students are more free to chose what they are really interested. And the group work is one of the differences. In SE, students always need to finish their work individually. In addition, teachers here attach more importance to students' feedback for improving teaching quality. Finally, at the University of York, there are better hardware facilities and more humanized service for students.
1. The living environment here is totallydifferent from the environment of my first degree. I shared a dormitory with 5of my classmates in my former university, now I live alone. 2. Although I wasliving with my classroom when I was in my former university, I usually worked alonerather than the way I am now —— often work with my groupmates, it really improves my learning efficiency and teamwork abilities. 3. Theteaching style here is much more interactive than the style I used to experience.4. The lecturer here is more accessible and friendly. 5. The learning style ofmine here is active rather than the passive one in my former university. 6. Theclassmates here are from all over the world. 7. There are often some people whoactually do the job relative to the course content come to be the lecturers. 8.There are many kinds of activities in University of York to broaden myhorizons. 9. Time management is critical here and students have to allocatetime appropriately by themselves. 10. People here are more gentle, friendly,polite.
1. After coming to York, I encountered more extracurricular reading assignments. The extracurricular reading materials provided by these teachers are very professional and are very conducive to improving my academic ability.2. More group work. Because the undergraduate study content is mainly physics, the previous study is based on self-learning. I think that group work is different from personal work, and there are different experiences and gains.3. Large class teaching mode. This kind of teaching mode requires more concentration of your personal attention.4. The mode of communication by e-mail is different from the communication mode of frequent text messages and face-to-face communication.5. York University makes better use of the Internet for resource contributions6. More detailed score than standard7.E-learning settings help me summarize and reflect on a weekly basis8. The three-semester academic system per academic year may provide us with more opportunities for self-study.9. Less course schedule per day. This requires us to improve our time management and self-control10. The library is open 24 times. In my undergraduate study, the library opened 24 hours a day is not as popular as York University. Therefore, there will be insufficient library space at the end of the period.
After two months, I have been able to keep up with the progress of my study and arrange my time properly. York city centre is not very big, but its leisure atmosphere is good for relaxing myself. Generally speaking, I like thethe study and life in York very much.York and my domestic undergraduate courses are different:1. I learned Engineering Management in both university. I learned at domestic is more about calculation and drawing, which is more engineering oriented. However, the knowledge I learned here is more management oriented, which broadens my scope of knowledge.2.The form of homework is different, and the homework in China is more targeted with the example mentioned in class as the template. But in Britain, relatively speaking, teachers only talk about the most important and basic theories, and we need to find a lot of extended materials for the homework.3. In China, there are almost only lectures, but also many kinds of seminars and workshops in Britain.4. Studying in Britain requires more independence and self-consciousness. Teachers only tell students the deadline, and only use the last class to talk about the requirements and matters needing attention related to homework. But in China, teachers tell students what to do step by step and always supervise the content and time of homework.5. There are a lot of reference books to read before you can finish your homework while studying abroad, but in China the exams are all related in one textbook and have a clear scope.
The first two month, met many people, experienced some things, I start to feel the meaning of growth and life. At the beginning, it may be difficult to understand some professional vocabularies, but the humorous teaching methods of the lecturers made me better fit into it. In terms of teaching style here, it needs more students' participation in the learning process here, such as reading a lot of relevant materials before and after class, need people spend more time to think. In terms of the life at York, I may not be able to adapt to live alone at first, but with the help of my friends and the kindness of strangers, I gradually adapted to the life here.The final formal education was undergraduate. The major I studied at that time was biomedical engineering. Although EM belongs to the electronics institute, it is quite different from the my university's engineering major. 1. BME pay more attention on doing physical research, while EM focus on critical thinking part. 2. BME mainly investigate students' abilities by examinations, while EM mainly by paper.3. The teaching style is quite different, when I was doing BME, teacher will show more details about the study content, while EM can help me involved in the study process.
I have spent a very significative two months at the University of York. It's other than what I've gone through in my home country. However, I didn't adapt to the lectures very well during the first few experiences. The reasons are complicated but I think one of the primary causes might be the structure and method of teaching completely different from the previous degree that I've done already. At the same time, the surrounding environment, whatever the living environment and dietary habit both have changed dramatically. These changes more or less have an impact on individuals. To fit with these, I have to make some necessary efforts as an international student.For the differences between my bachelor degree and the MSc at York, the followings are points that I would say:1. The different teaching method: I was taught in a small class during my first degree, there were 50 students in one class mostly. However, lectures are common at here, there are usually more than 100 students in a lecture.2. A different way of speaking in a lecture:  Students can make a statement offhand in lectures. And in my bachelor degree if students want to raise a question or give an opinion they can't interrupt the teacher at any time as their wish.3.Independent-study skill: At here, the lecturers will allocate a reading list to there students. And the reading tasks are left to students to finish separately. Nevertheless, the tutors will tell you what students should do and what they should read in a certain period.4. Obviously, classmates are different.5. The way of thinking has changed, in my bachelor degree, we do not lay emphasis on critical thinking.6. After-school life is also different.
I have been in York for two months. During this two-month period, I not only learned the new knowledge, but also made mew friends. However, in the first, I often fail to keep up with teacher's mind. So I need to per-class preparation and careful review after class to better understand what I have learned in class. It's a really big challenge for me that to study aboard and also need to adapt a new study system.In my undergraduate study, I found a lot of different parts from now in YoU. 1.The key points of the lectures are different. The teachers in China pay more attention to the process of teaching, while the teachers in the UK pay more attention to let the students themselves actively understand and discover. 2. Every lesson in the UK is more shorter than in China. 3.In the UK, everyone discussed each other and have teamwork to complete more homework. 4.The homework in the UK is a process of self-exploration by the students, while in China it is a process of consolidating the courses already taught. 5.The teaching environment in the UK is more flexible. 6.The UK curriculum is more suitable for future job skills. 7.There are sports CAD drawing courses in my undergraduate in China. 
In fact, I have now been in York studying for four months and I adapt to study and life well. Compared with studying in china, I have made some transition here. For teaching styles, there are more interactions between students and lecturer. We are usually requested to have a discussion and then show our ideas ,which is quite different from always being quiet and listening to the lecture in china.I am trying to participate in the interactions. Besides, there are many activities in class, such as personal or group presentation, playing drama. I did not have many experience like these before while I have had some experience in class now. For leaning style, except much collaborative learning, there is no big difference between the past and the present. I have been having collaborative learning at least once a week during the last two months. On the one hand, I do not like this way of learning because it is not efficient and waste of time sometimes. On the other hand, I have to admit that exchanging ideas can foster creativity and collect everyone's strength together in a task. Compared with my first degree of applied physics and the MSc in EM here, there are some differences:1.The theory of engineering management course can be used in real life.     2.Using theory is more flexible, it may have different results when using the same theory in different case study.3. The knowledge of engineering management may change with the life, but physics will not.4.There are more activities of engineering management study like doing questionnaire, making business plan.5. There is no experiment of engineering management course.6. The engineering management  course is easier to understand.7. I do not need to do homework requiring advanced mathematic knowledge.8. Studying engineering management course needs to have a lot of reading.9.The theory of engineering management may be used differently in different countries while the theory of physics is invariable.10. I have some chances to listen to the guest speaker from enterprise when studying engineering management while I have no experience like this before.
1. In China,you will not know your teacher will talk about in next session. In York, we have all content about our lectures on VLE.2. Language. Studying all courses by English is difficult for me.3. Preview is important here. If I don not do preview，it will be difficult for me to follow the lecture.4.homework in here need more language skills.In China, my homework were calculation questions.5. Reading List.In China, I didn't have any reading list.6. Independently study.In China,teachers tell you most things, I seldom to study extra leanings. 7. Review.In China,it is very important to review what teachers had told.but here we need to explore more knowledge by ourselves after classes.8. Team work.In China, I only had a lab partner.Here,lots of homework need team work.9. Exams. MSc in EM at York only one exam for students. Lots of reports and presentation.In china，all the final inspection were exams.
I have a good time in York. This is a very beautiful and safe city with convenient living. The academic atmosphere of York University is also very strong. The facilities of the school are very good and it is very helpful for my study. The students are very friendly, the teachers are very kind, and my problems can be solved in time. While studying very hard, but I am very happy.1. The biggest difference is the language. My previous teachers were taught in Chinese, but the teacher in York taught in English. For professional courses, I may need some time to understand Chinese. If the teacher teaches in English, I need more time to master what the teacher is saying.2 .During my undergraduate studies, I only need to listen to the teacher to give lectures. But in York, in addition to listening to the teacher, you also need to do some practical work with the students.3. During my undergraduate studies, I only need to pay attention to my own study. My parents have taken care of me in my life, but in York, I not only need to pay attention to my study, but I also need to learn to take care of myself.4 .My previous study was to go to class and write my own homework. But in York, I need to complete group work, I have to work with others and learn to work in teams.5. During the undergraduate course, I only need to learn what the teacher said. But in York, in addition to what the teacher said in class, I still need to have my own ideas.6. My previous study life was only learning, and I spent all my time doing learning. In York, I need to learn the balance of work and life. I don't just need to learn, I also need to participate in some extracurricular activities. The University of York also offers a lot of activities for me to choose.7.I am a person who does not have time management. In the previous study, all of my studies were, so time management is not the most important thing for me, but in York, the time management teacher has always stressed that I also I have been learning how to manage time.8. During the undergraduate period, I have textbooks. I didn't get used to textbooks in York. Although I had a ppt, it was just an outline. The content was not very detailed. In this case, I was required to concentrate absolutely in class. After nine weeks of study, I have begun to adapt to this. Kind of learning.9. I used to be a engineering student. Most of my usual learning content is to solve physical problems. In York, I need to pay a report, so I must study academic writing well.
It took me quite a long time to cope with the studying style here. As I mentioned before, teaching method is truly different from the way I learned back to undergraduate time. Teachers in both time period are teaching students by giving lectures, but there would be proper guidance or appointed textbooks for each subject when I was a graduate student. Certain tests and homework would be carried out by the teachers, but things are quite different doing masters here. I need to be more self-motivated and think independently, no standard answer is given. Always need to change my learning plan to cope with different subjects and teachers, so I try to play smart with my learning strategy and all. Living abroad alone is another big challenge for me. I need to organize my time for personal issue and balance between study and play. 1 My bachelor’s degree is in Automation which shapes my mind into an engineer, but the Engineering Management program require me to think like a manager, act like a manager. I will get a different mindset in the future. 2 Master program requires me to do all kinds of research independently, no standard answer is given. 3 Different sorts of group activities are requested during the course and it really enhanced my communicating skills. But it seldomly happened when I was a graduate student. 4 The marks are given by submit a report at the end of a subject, but it was usually a final exanimation back in old times. 5 More guests in the lectures, take law module as an example, people working in different area of law firm are invited as guest to give lecture. 
I think there are many differences between my last education and MSc in EM at York. Firstly, form of homework are different. In the past, teachers prefer to give students many problems. However, in york, teachers prefer to assign essay or report for us. Besides, living environment are different. In the past, usually four or more people share one room. Thus, sometimes it is difficult for me to fall asleep in the past. However, people always live alone. I want to say that I really love this kind of living style. Because I can fall asleep easily here so that I will be full of energy in the next day. In addition, there are also many differences in studying facilities, studying environment, teaching methods, dietary habit, dressing style, communication style, traffic rules and living habit. For example, people here prefer to eat fish and chips. However, I think oriental food is more delicious. To be honest ,I do not like fish and chips and burger and other similar foods. But I am trying best to make myself love them. Besides, cars here are all in the left side when running. In China, cars are all in the right side.  All in all, there are many differences between oriental and occidental cultures. I am trying my best to get to used to my life in York. 
1.Undergraduate study is not very demanding on self-study. The teacher will teach all the content. It takes more time to study, read, and understand knowledge.2. Undergraduate study has a textbook for each course, there is no3.The requirements for time management are different. Undergraduate teachers will urge me to complete some content. Here I will learn to arrange my own time.4.Undergraduate study pays more attention to theoretical knowledge, and current learning focuses on practice.5.Here I can have more time to disposal.6.Here my independent living ability has been improved7.There is a lot of emphasis on cooperation here, and there are not many requirements in my undergraduate study.8.Studying here, I entered different language environments, which is very helpful for my English level, which is obviously different from the undergraduate.9.I will now focus more on the balance between learning and life. I used to spend more time on learning.10.More demand for academic writing here.
York has been now my home for almost 3 months. During this time,I have faced (and overcome) some challenges presented by this new stage. Someof them were related with all this new environment, the culture, the weather,the food, in summary, a complete change in my usual lifestyle. I think that sofar, this has been the most exciting part of this journey, to learn new thingsto allow me to know myself better. Working on my new developed skills can letme achieve my goals in a more efficient way and I can enjoy the journey.Regarding the studying at the university, I think I could successfully adapt tothe teaching style. I believe that at this moment I can manage very well all myassignatures and workload. The main differences between my undergraduate studies andthe MSc are:1.- Research focus: In my undergraduate studies, it was morea technical approach more than research. Here in York is very clear theresearch tendency and how it is promoted to the students.2.- Due dates: For my previous assessments, even when we hada due date for the delivers, teachers were more flexible about the marks. Theynever apply reductions in the marks for late deliveries.3.- Commitment: I feel that there is a lower sensation ofcommitment with the MSc here in York from my classmates than my undergraduate'scolleagues in my bachelors.4.- Classrooms: I have had some classes in theater-styleclassrooms. This is new for me. I used to have classes in normal""flat"" classrooms. Is interesting to have classes in these newfacilities.5.- Online resources: University of York uses a lot ofonline tools, like this (elog) to evaluate and foster the learning process in aninteractive way.6.- Administrative assignments: Maybe for the nature of myundergraduate studies, the assignments always were focused in the technicalaspects of the engineering, more than the administrative pathway. I find thisvery interesting since management is always around us, not only for workprocesses but also for every day decisions. 7.- Assessments: Here at the university, the assessments arelarger and more structured, with very specific requirements to be fulfilled. Inmy undergraduate studies, the assessments requested were more flexible indesign. We could decide how to present the assessments as long as they coverthe topic at issue.8.- Student life: There is a lot of support to have plentyof activities to complement the student life. Is not only focused in get goodmarks, also to have a good work-life balance. 9.- International students: Is easy to know that Universityof York is an international one. There are a lot of people from different nooksof the earth. This is incredible, to know new cultures, new approaches, newpoints of view. In my home university, even when there are some exchangestudents in different courses, they are less than 1% of the total studentpopulation.10.- Facilities: I think that here in York there are somegood facilities, laboratories and in general good infrastructure to support allthe student's activities, from classes to sports and culture. This is betterthan my home university.   
1. The number of teaching staff is different. The number of teaching staff in at least one class was about 30 before, whether it was seminar or lecture.2.The teaching content is also different. York's teaching content is close to practice. Chinese universities usually focus on the teaching of theoretical knowledge, which is assisted by the learning of internship. 
The education system is completely different when compare to my bachelors degree which I completed in India.The way the lectures  are being conducted here is totally different when compared to the lectures in India since it is mandatory to attend all the lectures there.Also the way of teaching is different where in India all the concepts would be spoon-fed .The examination pattern and also the way of assessment is completely different since there are no coursework/essays as a part of our assessments.The grading system is also not the same as it is being done here, since they use the CGPA where our final grades would be marked out of 10.Here, most of the concepts are explained practically, where as more weightage would be given on the theoretical concepts.
1. Different languages. I studied in China for my undergraduate study, so the language environment of the courses was different2.The examination system is different. The results of undergraduate study are presented in the form of examinations. However, many of the achievements of postgraduate study in york were presented in the form of thesis and presentation3. The time is different. Most Chinese postgraduate study is three years , but British postgraduate study is one year4. Courses are different, and many postgraduate studies in Britain are lectures. However, education practice of Chinese graduate students is more5. Different teaching methods. Group discussion is very common in Britain, and group study is often carried out6.The food is different. Many foods are much simpler. But they all taste good
Studying in the UK can be seen as an exercise in my self-care ability. In the past, the education I received was purely professorial, which is not suitable for me. The study in the UK is mostly for group study, which gives me a lot of sense of participation, and the learning efficiency has also been greatly improved. In my undergraduate education in China, my knowledge of learning is relatively basic, and in the postgraduate study in the UK, the knowledge acquired is very strong. It can be said that the knowledge acquired in the master's course is really the knowledge that will be used in future work.
In the past two months, I have learned alot of positive things as an international student. I will elaborate on my owndevelopment in terms of learning style and educational style.On the one hand, the learning style isunique and individual. In my opinion, before coming to the UK, most Chinesestudents are not all active in their study, which means that the learning stylewill have a transition that is not adapted to the habit. The study here, inaddition to the discussion in the class, is more personal self-discipline. As amatter of fact, students who get up at different times will have differentlearning time. Although they cannot be generalised, it is undeniable that thetime to get up is early and the learning time will be long. Therefore, for thelearning style, I personally think that it is necessary to have self-disciplineand what is the basic needs.On the other hand, the educational style isdifferent between China and UK. In the UK study, the composition of the classdiscussion is large, and more is to test teamwork. Then, the teacher's teachingprocess is basically based on courseware with some interesting practicalexamples. Under such a test, the individual's academic ability will bepositively improved.For major differences regarding my firstdegree and current education, this can be said to be autonomous learning. Forexample, the previous course to write a code, the problem can be explained bythe instructor. At the University of York, they are only responsible forhelping to find the mistake.Difference list: learning style,educational style, teamwork, cultural differences, evaluation criteria.(Because of the short period of two months, I can only think of the abovedifferences.)
In this two months in York, I think I get very well on everything. In the lectures, I found that the lecturers are always very kind and powerful. And if I have some questions, they are able to answer them. In this two months, I have to adapt to reading anything in English instead of Chinese, which is my mother language. It is a very hard process. Fortunately, I have had a lot of progress in reading English sources. The studying and living environments are very different to former.For studying environment, first of all, the studying style is not same. Because there is no textbook, however, in my former study, every course has its own textbook. Secondly, some courses have reading lists. That is another difference. The third is that text-citations. In York, I usually use Harvard referencing style or IEEE style. For living, the biggest difference is the language and culture. Sometimes I can not hear the local people speaking clearly, The weather as well as food is also different than before. In my first degree in China, it is hard to enter the university but easy to graduate. However, it is different in York. I think graduating is more difficult than in China. The second is the teaching style. In my first degree, there is no seminar. In York, sometimes I have seminars. 
So far my time in York has been good, at this point in time work had been conducted on the two assignments that were due in at the end of Autumn term (Strategic Management of EM and Enterprise). Things could be better such as time management and organization, but things were going smoothly for the most part. My studying/living environment hasn't changed much in comparison to my first degree as my first degree was at the University of York. Apart from the course content being completely different, I still find myself borrowing techniques from my undergraduate course in terms of learning.
During the two months in York  I have been unable to adapt myself to study and life, and now I can slowly balance these two points. I also like the busyness and knowledge gained from study. First of all, the teaching method is different. In China, teachers mainly talk about knowledge points and students take notes in class. In the UK, most courses are structured around discussion and case studies. Education is different in the way that the UK cultivates comprehensive ability and the UK is more inclined to learn knowledge. The role of a tutor varies greatly. In China, a tutor takes a class of students and basically answers questions about life and study. In Britain, each tutor with a limited number of students will help solve psychological and emotional problems and communicate with others. We have presentations here every week, which can cultivate our confidence and self-learning ability. At the end of the semester, the situation of report will be the end, while at china, the exam will be the end. Besides, there is no homework in China during the holiday, so  I need to prepare for the exam homework next year in York. Classes start earlier in China. And China gives a long lunch break at noon. China attaches great importance to its major in professional learning. York's courses are not only professional learning, but also growth in other aspects. Every teachers in UK has the habit of asking questions at end of the course are there any questions. The knowledge given by teachers is more inclined to a framework, which needs our own learning later.
After two months in york, I became more and more accustomed to the life and study here.What pleased me most was that I had made several good friends.So, generally speaking, I had a good time here. And I have to say, there are truly many differences between my bachelor in China and MSc in York, such as1.In China, every course has a textbook which is almost the content of your study and exam, while in york, learning is based on a lot of reading before class and slides in the teacher's class.Therefore, in order to understand the content of the teacher's lecture, I had to read much relevant materials. After a period of time, I was glad that my reading ability improved. 2.In my undergraduate study, I have to face a lot of exams, and in York, I need do many papers and reports instead of tests.So what I used to do was memorise, but now I need to learn how to look up information by myself and how to sort and use them . 3.In terms of assignments, york's work is more practical,like doing a presentation or a drama or cooperating with team while in China it is mostly written work. 4.In terms of teaching methods, york's teaching is more open and free, students can ask questions at any time in class if we have any questions.In China, teachers pay more attention to the absolute silence of the class.5.For the teaching content, I studied EM in both undergraduate and postgraduate studies, but the content I studied in undergraduate  was more inclined to science subjects, such as structural mechanics, while in york, the learning content was more inclined to liberal arts,such as marketing and management.6.Before I lived in the dormitory, I used to have classes and eat meals with my classmates, but now I live in a studio alone, so I have to learn to live independently, to my delight, I finally learned to cook.7.York's life pace is slow comparing to many cities in China, I can enjoying spending  the whole afternoon enjoying the afternoon tea or just browsing the streets of york. 8.Previously, my course grade was determined by class attendance, homework and exams, but in york, the final grade of most courses is entirely determined by how well you write your paper.9.In terms of class size, the number of students in my class now is almost twice as large as the number of students in the previous class. And both of them have their own advantages.When the class is small, it is easier to hold class activities and parties, but I can make more friends when the class is large.10.I used to live in a single-sex dorm, but now there are many boys and girls from different countries in the apartment, which is a new experience for me.
Well, studying in York is completely different as compared to my country and my BSc degree which I did from Pakistan, Here are some main differences I would like to discuss here 1.Problem Based LearningFirstly, the main difference is learning through different case studies, how different organizations have been going through the different crisis and how did they come back and start their business again and get their reputation back by which we learn a lot of new tactics and methods of problem-solving skills.2.Critical ReflectionAnother thing which I like and feel so much difference is university always asked us to think critically on every your act if you are fail then learn how you can improve it by critically reflect on your activities while in my country we never told us such type of activities and methods.3, Teaching with TechnologyDuring my masters in University of York, we are introduced to new methods of learning through technology like VLE and all work is done by electronically, if you have any queries use emails and you will get your answer frequently which is really good But in my first degree nothing happened just like this,you have to go to your lecturer office or any department if you have any trouble so I am feeling so much relaxed and learned a lot of new things in this way.4.Learn from the Brightest Minds with Practical ExperienceOf course, what really brings their teaching to life is University teachers themselves. We’ll be learning under some truly inspirational individuals from all kinds of backgrounds, each with their own unique passions, industry experiences, and approaches to your subject. As you move through your course you’ll be able to develop relationships with them through one-to-one lectures and even connect with their own industry contacts. After all, what better way is there to become a leader in your field than being taught by one? So, I am lucky to have teachers like Joanna North and Noel Jackson who has been teaching us with their own practical experience.5.Grow your Language SkillsWhatever you study, language and communication are essential components for success. In the UK you’ll cultivate your skills from day one, with the chance to develop a thorough understanding of professional terminologies, such as Business English. So, whether you’re in a lecture, or chatting to friends in a café, you’ll be advancing your language skills every day in the home of the English language.6.Critical ThinkingMost importantly, all the innovative teaching methods on offer will support your ability to think critically, an essential skill in your studies and for your future employability. Being able to interrogate problems, challenge bias, spot gaps and devise flexible, imaginative solutions will set you apart and shape your own personal development. 7.E-learninge-learning is completely new for me and by which I am learning a lot of new things, developing English writing skills thinking on past things critically and learn new techniques how to go with future deadlines and how to collaborate with your team members in a group.8. Team workingOn the induction week in York University we were introduced to our group and still we are working in a group that's a great initiative and learning technique because in the start it was really hard to share things with people whom you don't know but with time and bu studying international business and personal effectiveness class lectures they changed me completely as compared to my first degree I didn't even think about it 9.PresentationThis is the best thing I have learned from here in my first degree I never did any presentation because that university focus was on exams so by studying I learned how to do presentations and get confidence by speaking in front of people that what we really need it. In the start, it was really difficult and I am improving now.10.Apply theory into Real life problem This is the main thing I am learning here how to implement your theory into real life problems and that's the main thinge.e. by working on strategy management assignment I learned how we can implement tool and techniques with real business models and analyze the complete business by using theory. But in my first degree, we focused only to read books so that's the main difference I feel here.
1- Lecturers here are more active compared to my undergrad university.2- Living in York feels very homely and cozy.3- International community at York is very diverse so i have friends from around the world.4- Learning for masters requires more researching compared to undergrad so i have to start work reasonably early.5-  Less contacts hours means more independent study.6- Lecturers are easy to contact and are very helpful.7-Timetable is well spaced out so group work can be accommodated easily.8- Learning environment is very disciplined as everyone in masters aspires to do well and makes an initiative to do group work.9- Library facilities are also very good.10- Plenty of societies and events going on so there's something for everyone and less likely to feel lonely or isolated.
1.    Little teaching takes place now while more learning (Self study) is the norm2.    Learning/Teaching resources (software application) are at at advanced stage making it different from the resources available during undergraduate3.    University of York encourages hard work as evident in the ways modules are structured. Lectures delivery is composed into Lectures, workshops/seminar, and Laboratory for the core modules which runs from Monday to friday. I had thought as Postgraduate students, My lectures wont be more than three times in a week leaving me much time for self study and assignment. Alas! that is not the case here.4.    Studying for the first time in UK is challenging in the sense of their environmental and climatic weather condition 5.    The way exams, assignments and other assessment are assessed is quite different from what  I was used to. I would say the style now is self appraising.6.    The mode of submission of assessment is quite different too from the norm of physical submission of assignments or other reports during undergraduate days back in my home country.7.     There is more emphasis on practical knowledge8.    The program integrate a module for personal effectiveness during the course and beyond (career)
I think I am getting on well with the studying. I have experiences as an exchange student before, so, I do not think I use much time to get used to studying here. However, the professors and doctors even the demonstrator in the lab session here, in my opinion, are much better than I had experienced before. So, I could ask some question.
Everything is very well, the course meets my expectations, and the digital design course is very interesting, it is worth taking the time to learn. The teachers here are very willing to answer the questions raised by the students. I really like the teaching style here. In my undergraduate course, I mainly studied theory. In York, I learned ways to implement. 
First of all, the two months of subject learning have gained a lot, not only the academic gains but also the improvement of personal abilities, which is a good exercise for the individual. Learning, professional knowledge and practice make it easier for me to understand the curriculum and how to apply it in my future work. In terms of personal ability, the language learning ability and teamwork ability have been further improved, and the difficulties in the project can be solved by themselves.The difference between my first degree and the MSc at York: 1. A completely different teaching style: the teaching method here is more flexible and more practical. 2. Different teaching methods: the curriculum here is a combination of theory and experiment, it is easier to understand what you have learned. 3. Campus atmosphere: the campus atmosphere and teaching environment here can give me a lot of independent space to learn, and independent space for group study. 4. Facilities: the test equipment here is more complete. 5. Career Guidance Center: there is a great job guidance center here, which can help me find a job that suits me. 6. Community activities: the activities of the clubs here are more abundant, and there are many opportunities for people to know and communicate. 7. Cultural environment: York University is an international university. It is a very meaningful thing to be able to reach different cultures in different countries.
Master at York University, there are many differences compared to our national research institutes. The first is the number of years of study, the UK is 1 year and our country is 2~4 years. Then is the style of teaching, Foreign teaching styles are more inclined to self-learning. There are also foreign teachings that pay more attention to the establishment of basic concepts. The arrangement of the course is also more compact than our country. The teacher’s nationality is not only a teacher in the UK but also a teacher from other countries. This is not seen in our country. Foreign teaching is relatively free and can give students thinking.
Actually, in these two months, I think my life is ok, but in the study, there are some different between my before school.1.Firstly, I think the education method is different. In my first degree, teacher usually teach student by writing in the blackboard, it is easier to understand than the current teach method, as a result, I should pay more attention to understand what teacher say.2.Secondly, team work become more important than before, there would be some team work assignments in my study, but first degree no. It means I should import my communication ability.3.Then, assignment is more than before, I should spend more time on my assignment.4.Next, time management become important, because there are more free time than before, I should used my free time reasonably.5.Self-learning also become necessary, because lectures knowledge is not easy to understand, and extra knowledge become necessary.6.Lab frequency become more also is a difference, more and more knowledge are needed to study in practice.  7.Classmate is less than before, getting  on well with everyone is important.8.Lecture become less than before, so I should study by myself to import myself.9.Knowledge studying is harder than before, It means I should spend more time to control them.10.Calculation is less than before but programming is more than before in the DSE studying.
First, in the first degree program, six people share a dormitory. I saw that my roommate is learning to inspire my own initiative. Now I don't have to share the room with others, it is a test of my personal subjective learning.Second, the purpose of learning is different. Most of the purpose of Chinese education is to find a good job, and the British style is more focused on the cultivation of abilities and interests.Third, there are textbooks in class in China, and there are no textbooks in the UK.Fourth, there are many ways in the UK to show what you have learned. Such as PPT and presentation.Fifth, the UK focuses on teamwork and personal work. Chinese people like to discuss the conclusion together.Sixth, China will announce the results of all students to encourage students with outstanding performance and stimulate students with low grades. The UK regards it as privacy.Solving the difference lies in your own learning habits and the ability to adapt to the new environment
At the beginning, I am a little bit notadapted to study here since there are much difference, but now I have already beenused to living in York.1 During my undergraduate years, theuniversity required us to buy different textbooks for each course, but I don'tneed to buy textbooks here, and much reading material I can read on the universitylibrary website or buy a e-book on Amazon and read it on the kindle app.2 During my undergraduate years, mostcourses were organized around my textbooks, while the subjects of the lectureshere are determined by the lecturers.3 During my undergraduate years, mostweekly assignments were in the written form, and some teachers would gradethem, while many weekly assignments here are doing presentations or doing some extrareading.4 During my undergraduate years, students werenot allowed to use laptops in the class, while we can use laptop to help usunderstand the lectures better here.5 During my undergraduate years, student needto take some PE lessons as their compulsory course, while we don’t need to havePE lesson here.6 During my undergraduate years, I have totake at least 6 different elective courses, and I will not graduate if didn’t takeenough elective e course, while the elective courses here are totally optional.7 During my undergraduate years, I have topass at least two national examination like CET-4 and national computer level 2examination if I want to graduate, while I don’t need to do that here.8 During my undergraduate years, I have to sharea dorm which without a bathroom and a kitchen with two other students, while thedormitory here is really different. We have own bedroom and bathroom, and we canshare a kitchen with other 5 students.9 During my undergraduate years, studentsof the same major often live in the same dormitory, while students in mydormitory all come from different majors.10 During my undergraduate years, moststudents are Chinese people, while many students here are internationalstudents who are come from different countries like Spain, Peru, Pakistan,India and so on.11 During my undergraduate years, the teachers ofeach subjects are fixed, usually we only have one teacher in subject, while we wouldhave different teaches in a subject. For example, Dr Noel and Baruah both teachus in the enterprise lecture. Besides that, we also have many guest lecturershere, we have at least 8 different guest lectures in our law lecture.
This is my first experience studying in York. I wouldlike to share about two aspects: about the style of teaching and how I amapplying myself to learning.Most professors use the same style of teaching. Icould observe that their lectures are organized in the same way. WhenProfessors launch their courses, each idea is flow from one to another likeriver. Moreover, professors are very sensible to audience. For instance, I likethe style of teaching of professor Baruah and Johana. They speak not so fastnot so slow. I can understand very well to them. I am going to miss theprofessor Joanna style of teaching because yesterday professor Joanna told usthat this is her last classes in University of York. This news was very sad tome. I would like that she is going to teach us Ideation course. Because herstyle of teaching is motivational and challenging to me. Her style of teachingwas unique. For example, I learnt of style of motivation when students areboring in class. Professor Joanna used Mexican wave. She always wanted to us beproactive in the classes and I perceived that she loves the course that shetaught us. If I have the opportunity to teach in future, I will use their someof her style in my classes.Before, I have started my classes I was anxiousbecause I wanted to see the style of teaching that professors use in thisUniversity. I saw that it is different than in my country. First of all, I mustchange my style of learning. I usually learned to read my notes books becausemy exam was only about this this note book. My professor dictated to us  most of the time. Now my style need to change.I must use the model learned in order to solve the problems.  I need to read a lot of books and articles inorder to understand very well the concepts and support my idea. Moreover, Ineed to write reports which is part of my assessment. I am adapting these newways of learning. I think that I must improve my speed of reading andcomprehension because I spend a lot time to understand some concepts or topics.I am using ""Strategies of good Engineering Management Readers”. Theenvironment is good because now I observed that the number of students whoasked question increased. Further, I enjoy each class, for example, in the lastinternational class we acted about ethical dilemma. I could observe that mostof my classmates act very well. I admire their talent of actor because I canunderstand very well the message they are transmitting to me. I am going to list twelve differences among MSc in IMand My University of Peru.      Nº
1.     I live alone now, while I lived with my roommates during my undergraduate study, which means I need to learn how to live independently.2.     I have to learn to cook by myself because I have not been used to the dietary habit here.3.     Lecturers are looking forward to haveing interactions with us. However, we are expected to listen carefully and silently in China.4.     Our tutors hope we can have critical thinking ability, even we can query the knowledges they teach us. Compared with my undergraduate study, we almost trust everything were taught totally.5.     We have many writing assignments, while we just need to attend final examinations.6.     We often need to have presentations in public, while I almost have never done it before.7.     We are required to have activities with supervisor group members, which aims to train our leadership ability and cooperation ability. Actually, I didn’t have many assignments which required us to finish with my classmates in China.8.     Sometimes we need to do a lot of reading to find evidence and materials to support our ideas, which requires us to learn independently.9.     There are some people who have different culture backgrounds with me. Therefore, it takes more time for us to reach consensus.10.  A main difference is I need to use a foreign language other than my mother language. So verbal communication is a big challenge for me.
I have been in York studying for two months and the Autumn term is going to finish.I have adapted to the new living environment quickly.However,in the beginning, I had difficulties in getting used to the new studying environment.The most difficult thing is that there are many professional words in lectures that I did not know before, which made me fail to acquire knowledge in lectures.After these two months, I have learnt lots of professional words about my major and improved my listening skill a lot.So I can understand the content of lecture more easily than before.  There are some differences between my first degree and the MSc in EM at York:    1.I need to do more reading in the current major at York.    2.I need to improve my critical thinking than before.    3.I need to improve the ablitily to learn independently.    4.There are also more group working/collaborative learning than before.    5,My first degree is civil engineering and it focuses on technology.While my current major focuses on management. 
My transition in studying at York have changed over time. I started knowing no one and now I'm very good friends with people from my class and from my flat at Student Castle. At the moment, I'm feeling very good for have chosen the University of York so I can improve my professional skills.The major differences between my first degree and my MSc in EM are:- The close relationship with the professors and how accesible they are if we have any queries.- The way of working, more into groups and less individual.- How the lectures are taught, more dynamic with more student participation.- More international people, which brings different points of view.- The lectures look more professional, since it's a master program.- The lectures are more interesting.- The different language from mine makes me work harder.
through these two months' study, I get a lot of knowledges about business, law, marketing and strategy.  I never contact with the business and management lectures before, so that is a big challenge and it is interesting.  The differences between current EM at York and my last formal education are:1. my last degree is civil engineering, it has many calculations, but now there are no calculations2. civil engineering has less essays and the word account is always not over 2000 words, but now the word account even over 6000 words. it is a big challenge for me3. civil engineering lecture has a lot of British people, but now there are a lot of Chinese people4. civil engineering has to do experiment in the lab, but now there are not5. civil engineering do not need read many books, but now I need to read more books6. civil engineering has a lot of examinations, but there are very less examinations7. civil engineering is a very boring subject, but EM is more interesting 8. civil engineering always has a lot o lectures in same day, but there are less lecture in every day9. civil engineering has two term for 1 year, there are three10. civil engineering has less presentation to do, but there are more.
1. Teaching style. The teaching style of my first degree is teaching us formula and give examples in class.2. Living environment. For the first time, I live and study in the UK alone.3. Language difference. The language of teaching of my first degree is Chinese instead of English.4. Learning styles. The difference between the past learning methods and the current learning methods is self-learning.
After two months studying in York, I think I have adapted to the studying and life here. The teaching and learning styles are very different with my previous studying. 1. I need to use more spare time to study. After every lecture, I need to do more further study to make sure I can understand the point given by the lecturer. The ability of self-study is very important for me during these two months. 2. More reading list than before. During the study in EM, there are a lot of books need us to read on the reading list. I think this is a way to let us undertand the course well.3. Group work. There are many assignments need to be worked by group. Every week, we will spend many hours to work together.4. More opportunity for public speaking. Almost every module of the course need to do some presentation, everyone has the opportunity to do some public speaking and shows what we have learnt during the course.5. Opportunity to know different culture. As a international student, I have the chance to meet students from different countries. During the study, I could know the difference between our culture.6. The course of the MSc in EM is totally different with my undergraduate degree. So I need to spend more time to adapt the course and I really like the studying of this course.7. Actually, the language is one of the most different thing with previous study. I need to understand the knowledge in English, it is really a challenge for me but I enjoy studying by a different language.8. Can get to some professionals. For example, we have course of law for engineering. We can get to some professional lawyers during this course. It is a great experience during the study.9. More feedback. In these two months of study, almost every module need us to do some feedback. I think it is both good for our students and the professors.10. Time management. During the study in York, I feel that the time management is really for me. The ability of time management has been improved in these days.
In fact, after coming to York, I gradually realized the importance of self-directed learning. The teacher does not teach all the knowledge to you in detail. Instead, we need a lot of reading and thinking after class.In addition, we have a large number of group work and team members to complete, it can not only improve our understanding of knowledge, but also let us make friends and improve ourselves.The difference between undergraduate degree and master degree：1.Undergraduate courses focus on the teaching of engineering knowledge, while graduate programs focus on the management of knowledge in the management and economic fields.2.in undergraduate life，more individual study and assignment，while in master life，more group tasks and case study.3.during college life， teachers prefer to teach knowledges, while during master life, teachers prefer to teach how to study.4.during college life, I really liked to join some activities to develop my social net, while now, i prefer to think alone and read something at home,5.during college life, the teachers will follow the textbooks, and during the graduate life, we have no textbooks, only learn according to the PPT.I think that's all the differences between college life and master life in my opinion.
1. Teaching style. There were many lectures in my first degree, and a little communication in class. Teachers tend to follow textbooks to design course and test. However, MSc in EM course doesn't have textbooks, we focusing on what lecturers delivered in class and discover more knowledge by  ourselves after class. 2. Learning styles. As I mentioned, textbook plays a important role in Chinese education. However, we need to learn and discover knowledge by ourselves here. Nobody will tell you what specific content you should read, it just depends on yourself.3. Group work. There are only a little group experience in my formal education. Basically we finish the individual work which requested by teachers. But in York, I need to collaborate with teammates, I learnt how to communicate and define a group roles in group work, which is a excellent experience.4. Practicing knowledge. In my past course, nobody will tell you how to communicate and behave properly in terms of business. And in Enterprise course, I truly experienced how to be a entrepreneur, which really needs hard-working.5. Classmates. Some of my former classmates even not interest in studying or improving self, which give me a negative effect. But I think all of my EM classmates want to be better so they come to York. Therefore, it is a absolute positive atmosphere. 6. More self-arranged time. There are average two or less lecture everyday, which means we got more time arranged by self. However, it needs a well-organized time management.7. Critical thinking.8. High academic standard.9. 7-24 open and full equipped library.10. Polite culture. 
I  have learned a lot during this period.In this time, independent learning has took up a large part, and I began toadapt to this new learning mode. As for life, I gradually overcome the languagebarrier and start to like the food here. Compared with my previous education, Ithink there are something differences.1. Firstly, there are differences inteaching methods. In terms of curriculum arrangement, York's courses are morescattered, giving us more time to reflect on our own and studying independently .2. Another big difference is that we areassigned to study in groups in York. In the group, we are study together, but atthe same time we will supervise and evaluate each other, which enable us to makecontinuous progress.3. Supervision will meet and communicatewith us regularly, which is not an aspect in my previous study4. There will be many personalpresentations in class, which we have never experienced before. I think this isa good opportunity to exercise.5. Compared with the previous study,there are many different contents in the homework. In the past, our homeworkmight be specific exercises, but now it is some open questions to express ouropinions freely.6. The teachers in York is very willing to acceptour feedback, and we can communicate with her timely through email.7. In the MSc in EM at York, we often encounter theneed to participate in the design and production of a project by ourselves,which broadens our knowledge field.8.Students in York are come from many countries, so we can communicate witheach other.9. EM major includes more comprehensiveknowledge, such as finance accounting. We need to complete this study beforethe formal course, which can greatly improve our independent learning ability.10. The learning environment here isgreat. There are many public areas for us to discuss and learn.
I have had a great time in the two months of studying in York. In York, I train myself to study independently. Instead of relying on teachers and textbooks, I try to do more research for my studies. I think I have changed a lot. These are the differences between EM master's degree at York and my undergraduate degree: more independent, more thoughtful, critical thinking, more like reading, more quiet, like group discussion, make new friend.
Unverisity of york is a very nice place ,Becasue there are many different experience.1.    Yorkis a very safety place ,this is very important. Because when you finish yourstudy in the library, you should not careful the safety problem about come backhome. 2.    Libraryis a good place to study .Because comparing with Chinese library , Universityof York library is 24 hours opening. The library also offer coffee , hot foodand other service , these are very key reasons why students like study in thelibrary .3.    ComparingChinese lecturer , our course lecture are more friendly and more activity .there are a good  communication atmosphere.4.    Groupsassignment also a very nice idea . when I studied in the Chinese university,our lecturer hope us can independent    finishour assignment. Therefore , I can not learn how to cooperate with others.5.    Presentationis a very interesting project . many student like it . because it can help usto improve the confidence and langue express ability .6.    The equipmentand facility are very nice. They can offer a worm and conformable study environment.7.     More less people in the class also is a goodidea . Because we have more opportunity to do presentation or communicate withour lecturer.8.    Studentneed not pay any money when they take 66 number bus to go to the campus place. Itcan help me save many money because I often go here and back .9.    I likeour lecturers teams . because they can recommend very useful and newest booksand article.10.   I likestudent society . because they can offer many very interesting activities.          
To be honest, I have spent two wonderful months in York University. In studying aspect, I gradually get used to the fast teaching and learning style here, although it is quite different from what I accepted before. In the past, I was taught in the first language and the teaching style was quite simple and regular. Compared with this, now I listen to the lecturer in English which is a small challenge to me anyway, and the teaching style here is flexible and variable. Fortunately, I am doing a good job during the transition: I have successfully made some presentations in the lecture and finished many assignments in time and in good quality. As for living environment, I am gradually accustomed to the weather and food in UK, which can help me concentrate more on my studying career.When it comes to the major differences between my first degree and the MSc in EM at York, here are some points that I can list below:1. teaching language: I was taught in Chinese in my first degree and now it's English.2. assignment amount: I have much more assignments to do in the MSc than that in my first degree.3. paces: the paces of everything in MSc is much faster than that in my first degree.4. teaching style: it's simple and invariable in my first degree and it's flexible in the MSc.5. group work: I have much more group work in the MSc than that in my first degree.6. pressure: I feel much more pressure and can't sleep very well in the MSc, which rarely happened in my first degree.7. interaction: the lecturer in the MSc emphasizes more on the interactions which was not common before.8. reading: I am requested to do much more reading in the MSc than that in my first degree.
During Studying at University of York for two months, I think it is quite different between my learning experience before and the MSc in EM. Since I had taken a one-year preparatory course at University of York, I could see the huge difference between a postgraduate course and a postgraduate course. First of all, the form of class is different. The preparatory courses are mainly taught in small classes. There are only a dozen students in one class. But now we all take classes in the form of lectures. Teachers will tell us a lot of knowledge in a short time, and we need more time to digest this knowledge. That is to say, postgraduate courses require the higher ability of independent learning. The second point is the difficulty of the exam. After all, the preparatory courses I read before are mainly related to language, and I don't have much professional knowledge, so I can deal with it well. However, for the current postgraduate courses, as far as this semester is concerned, I have seven different aspects of course knowledge to learn, which is undoubtedly more stressful than before. Therefore, I need to arrange my time more carefully to deal with different subjects. The difference in terms of life is that I think my life is more regular now because I need to plan my time every day, so that I know when to do what. I do find that I have more time than I used to because I don't waste too much of it.Here are some points about the difference between the present and the previous learning experience:1. Class mode: it used to be a small-class teaching, but now it is a lecture.2. Time arrangement: I used to do what I thought of before, but now I will do things according to my own schedule.3. The amount of knowledge to learn: the range of knowledge learned before is relatively simple, but now the range of knowledge learned is relatively wide.4. The difficulty of learning: it used to be easy to deal with, but now it takes more time to learn.5. Preview: I seldom preview before. Now I have to preview what I want to learn in order to give a better lecture.6. Writing requirements: previous articles may not require much knowledge. Now you need to cover a lot of the points you've learned in the article.7. The normalisation of the article: there is no difference in this point. The format of the article, the quotation and so on all need to follow the teacher's requirements.8. The rhythm of life: there was no fixed rhythm of life before. Now it is basically the rhythm of life of lectures, libraries, and homes, but it also makes life more fulfilling.9. Exercise time: I seldom set up my own exercise before. Now I basically have a period of time every day to do exercise for myself.10. Team: there used to be team tasks, but not many. Now, almost every course requires team communication and collaboration.
1.Teachers'teaching methods are different. In China, teachers teach more on the basis of an existing textbook.2.The way of homework is different. There is no group work in China.3.Teaching in China is in Chinese and in Britain is in English.4.At the end of the semester in China, they are all exams, but in Britain there are exams and papers.5.In Britain, people from all over the world will study in the same classroom.6.Previous majors were more about technology, but now they are more about theory.7.There are only two semesters a year in China and three in Britain.8.Learning in Britain requires thinking more for myself.9.There is no reading list in China.
Actually I have been to York for four month, cause I took the language course two months ago. It is the wonderful experience I think. At the start of the master course, it is really hard to follow the course because of the different language and I need to record the lecture and review after class in order to understand the meaning of the class. 1. Different Language2. There are a lot of exams in China but in UK I have less exams to complete.3. I spend more time in the class and I do not need to spend time after class but in UK I need to spend time after class.4. I need to do a lot of homework in China but in UK I almost do not have home work.5. In China, I can take note on the book but we do not use the book in the class in UK.6.There are a lot of information on the slides in China but there just have a note on the slides in UK.7. I need to do more reading in UK.8. When I read the academic book I need critical thinking but in China I just need to took notes.9. In China a lot of work is individual but there are many group work in UK.10. A lot of homework is via internet in UK and in China we just do the homework offline.
What factors do you feel are essential for successful collaborative learning? 
We will discuss how to put SWOT analysis into our business model to help us better understand and deploy our marketing strategy. How to analyze the Marketing Mix (4Ps) from a long-term perspective, from the future development of the product to the distribution model, we have seriously considered and discussed. These processes have helped me better understand the two strategic models. 
1. listening to others clearly and trying to understand others when they speaking. I think this is a very important skill since sometimes I would be hurry to express my own ideas and I may ignore other's, and they often put forward something creative and that is what I need to learn about. 2. thinking in another way. in the second group work, we needed to make a device to transfer a bottle of water at least 3 meters, at that time, firstly, all of us tried to find out a horizontal route to transfer the bottle, however, we found it quite difficult, then a teammate said if we can change our mind and find another way, for example, a vertical route. this idea surprised me and we did successfully ultimately. from this experience, I learned that I need to open my mind when I face a difficulty that I cannot work out it.
I think I learn three things in our teamwork.Firstly, everyone in our group are all responsible to their work, therefore, our teamwork can go smoothly and complete very well;Secondly, collaborative can gather each individual's ideas, sometimes when i meet some problems, my group members can help me think and solve them together;Finally, collaborative learning can correct more mistakes than you just do some work by yourself.The power of team is strong!
First of all, you must have a good understanding of everyone on the team, because this is the basis for cooperation with them. Everyone has their own advantages and disadvantages, teamwork is a complementary role. Therefore, when the team is working, it must be compromises and concessions. This is also a way to improve work efficiency because when it comes to disputes for various opinions, it does not help the progress of the work. If it is not a major principle problem, I think it may be good to listen to others. The opinion may be unexpectedly good. It is important that everyone on the team must have a positive attitude and a serious spirit. This is the key to the success of the team. Even if there is a team member being lazy will seriously affect the progress of teamwork.
First of all, we should listen to others'opinions and not interrupt others when others is speaking. Secondly, we coulduse ""you could...""instead of ""you must...""when we givesuggestions to others. Third, in the process of group work, we should alwaysstand others' perspective to think about questions and build close relationshipswith colleagues.
I learned innovative thinking and helping each other from my group work. The first one is innovative thinking, it is one of the skill which I missed after my work. Because I always do the same things in my work, I do not need too much innovation and creativity in my work time. Therefore, the group work reinvigorated my creative thinking.The second one is team work. I need to do everything independently when I was working, because I need to solve my colleges' problem. Learning team work is an important thing for me also for my future job. If I can encourage others to do things or create better interests in teamwork, I will be a success manager. 
Everyone need to have contribution to the group. We are the team, we need to help each others.
I would say really difficult and challenge, there are 4 different nationalities in my group. Some people do really well, some people not. Communication with each other, talk about what you thought especially talk about someone bad this is hard to say. And even I don't know what is the balance, should I assign the work? Is it too much work for him?However, collaborative still fun, I can see what my teammates have a crazy and interesting idea. Most important thing is we together make the group better, and finally finish the job.To sum up, I learn a lot of things from collaborative learning how to communicate but I need to learn a lot to become better. I would not say collaborative learning definitely more efficient than individual learning, but by collaborative learning actually can explore your mind, and think broader. 
I think the most important thing for cooperative learning is to be self-conscious and responsible. Because of group work, you are not only responsible for your own achievements, but also for the achievements of your partners. Your results are combined together, so that you have to be conscious of part of the assignment which is in charge of you. Secondly, everyone has their own strengths and weaknesses. In collaborative learning, only when you are responsible for the parts which you can handled better than others can you accomplish better.
We were given various activities during our first few weeks. The activities had more to do with the specific module oriented concepts like strategic management, how to work together as a team,how well do we understand each others opinions. These activities gave me an insight on how to work together. I have never worked with people from so many different religions so to understand what they want to say is of utmost importance, as a team whether they agree with the final decision or not and then take the final decision. It is really beneficial for every post graduate student to work together. Not long before was I working in a work place where there was no coordination in what we doing. Here, we try to get in everyone's opinion and then move forward.
Well, I learnt some methods and abilities from collaborative learning.Firstly, unity is significant for a group's project. Everyone should target the same goal and take efforts. Actually , the goal can be called ""do best"", we also do it as shown. Same destination is our direction and we have a nice time after a serious of course work.Secondly, I learnt how to pay more attention to others advantages and ignore disadvantages, in this way, we could have a great improve during a strange area. At the same time, if we have some drawbacks, other members also point to us and we will alter, it is a perfect method during our work.Collaborative learning is critical for us and could help us become better.
In this semester, our group finished a lot of homework and also saw some success of other groups. I think the most important thing about groups is their individual initiative, the so-called bucket effect. As long as one team member does the laziest thing and delays the deadline, then the rest of the team will delay together and slowly vicious circle. Secondly, we should give full play to everyone's strengths, and only by working together can we get twice the result with half the effort. Regarding some assignments completed by our group this semester, I think we have a severe problem of procrastination, which is also fatal. We are looking for a better solution. 
from the collaborative learning in a group, I acknowledge that it can be more effective or it can also be time-wasting which is dependent on how we team members collaborate together. in fact, sometimes we can not help ourselves with the small talks which are bad to keep going. It is helpful for us to organize the meeting at least once a week in which we can together solve the problems and doubts in time. Additionally, novel and innovative ideas spark through the discussion, which is the most attractive and charming point of collaborative learning. I can learn more things through the observation of how others think about it and what extent their experience is various from mine, which has a provoke impact on my future growth. The last but not least, the conflict of ideas or the clash with the thoughts are normal in every group, all need to do is to face it directly. Our team had a heated argument once but we finally address that and after that, we are more like a team and we tend to express ourselves better and execute the weekly tasks more effectively than before.
In cooperative learning, I learned how toreasonably allocate tasks according to the characteristics of each member.Tasks must be equally distributed. Otherwise, some people will do more thanothers, while others will do less. A person's power is small, group learning isto be able to combine the strength of everyone to complete a larger task. Groupwork can be supervised by each other to improve efficiency.
In terms of teamwork, in the past, I always liked to consider my own ideas first. But in the group, I know that when others have different ideas, we need to understand others' ideas and analyze which one is better.Then I know how to assign tasks. Everyone has his or her own advantages in different aspects, so we should assign tasks according to everyone's advantages and personality.
From the way of teamwork learning, I learned from teamwork how to fully cooperate and share in different cultural backgrounds. Although sometimes quarreling, we calm down and think about how to solve problems after quarreling, instead of glimpsing Quarrel. In the team, I have been working to create new ideas and lead everyone to the right path to complete our group tasks more efficiently and quickly.
Communicating with group members is very important when working in a group. It is necessary to state your opinion clearly and boldly even though there will be disagreement among your group members. When disagreement happens, the first thing you should do is to listen to your group members patiently not argue with them. Besides, never be afraid to say out your idea even though it is the opposite of your group members' ideas. More communication can help resolve most of the conflicts and all the members can reach an agreement. 
The first and most important point is that the biggest feeling I have had in our group for one semester is that everyone respects the ideas of others. I thought that the disputes that would arise did not appear. Everyone would seriously consider the ideas of others and be patient.Secondly, I am not actually a serious and meticulous person, but one of my team members is very strict and serious. Although sometimes it is a bit cumbersome in terms of workload, the final product has a good effect. I understand the direction of my progress.In the end, everyone in our group wants to do their homework as much as possible. Everyone is very responsible and thinking about this group. This kind of responsibility is something I have not seen before in China.
According to the collaborative learning, we can learn a lot from each other. The first thing we can improve is our English speaking, we need to talk with others with English, although sometimes it seems we can't understand each other, we can still learn something about how to speak English. Another thing we can learn is that we everyone has different ideas, we can learn some new thought from others when we are talking with them. We will improve us together by collaborative learning.
I think individual ability is very important to a person, and people can be respected if he or she is distinguished in some fields. But the emotion quality is more important than professional quality sometimes, because a person who always be offensive and selfish can never be welcomed wherever she is. 
First of all, a group should have a good atmosphere and help and understand each other， this will make members feel that it's a pleasure, not a burden, to work together in groups to solve tasks.  Secondly, the group cooperation should be clear division of labor, first select the team leader, and then negotiate the assignment of tasks. In this way, the organizational structure, tasks and efficiency can be clearly defined. In addition, everyone should fulfill their duties and responsibilities. Here, the quality of work should be guaranteed at the same time, so that while fulfilling the responsibility, it also reduces the additional burden on others and improves the overall efficiency of work. Finally, the group should discuss regularly and regularly, and set a timetable to urge each team member to complete the task. Regular discussions can not only monitor the work of team members, but also raise questions for discussion and solution, which is conducive to the development of the team.
1. Be active and serious about the work of the group, and complete the required tasks on time.2. Work hard to continuously improve your professional skills.3. Organize as many group discussions or group activities as possible so that everyone can understand each other to adapt to different cultures, which can help the team to improve work efficiency.
In this semester's teamwork, I learned the following points. The first is how to conduct academic teamwork. I had no prior experience with academic teamwork. In this semester, I learned how to divide the work and cooperate. Each member has his or her own area of expertise or favorite. In the task allocation, i can choose which part i   
everyone has their own benefits, also have shortages. i think everyone should find them, rather than feeling good about ourselves.
There are 6 of members in our supervisor groups. In that case everyone has their personal opinions and it can cause disagreements when we make team meeting to about our missions. For example when we talked about our business plan and ideas for Enterprise. Some of us keep insisting their personal opinion so that was very hard for rest of us to convince them and obtain common opinions. On the other hand, different people have their own personal habits, so this difference of habits can directly affect the process of  our team work. For example, when we organize team meeting, some of us used to be late to attend the meeting and we have to repeat every key points which we have talked before to these team members. This process can be time consuming and can make negative effects.  However, team work can always help us to identify new methods which we can not come up by ourselves, that is the most important feature.
Every one have own idea,  some idea is different from others. Every time someone have different opinions, I should listening to others' reasons firstly, rather than eager to deny them.The way of speaking is important, need more patient to talk with.
Thebeginning is always difficult, but with brainstorming again and again, we havefinally completed the assignment. Don't ignore the role of everyone in thegroup, pay more attention to the strengths of others, and be good at usingtheir strengths.Accordingto Gerlach, ""Collaborative learning is based on the idea that learning isa naturally social act in which the participants talk among themselves(Gerlach, 1994). It is through the talk that learning occurs.""
: Everyone have own advantages we need to learn with each other rather than just believe one person.
Collaborative learning is useful, not only for our study, but also for our future career. I have learned a lot from our collaborative learning in the course of Enterprise.Firstly, collaborative learning refers to the group of students complete the task together, and there is a clear division of responsible mutual learning. The division of the work based on the different specialty of each other, therefore, each one in the group in charge of different part. Besides, collaborative learning needs the skills to cooperate well. It can be difficult for some strangers to work together, but it is easy for the people who familiar with each other to cooperate. Based on the understanding of each other, we can cooperate with each other perfectly.Additionally, the leader can be really important for a whole team. The leader should know the task clearly and divided the work for everyone based on the specialty. Therefore, the leader is important and can be called the core of the team.Most importantly, everyone in the group should donate their own power for the whole group. If the group's members can't cooperate well with each other or even don't want to donate their own strength to finish the task, the task cannot be finished good or the team cannot cooperate perfectly in the work.In conclusion, the collaborative learning contains many knowledge and we should explore it with our passion to cooperate well. 
I gain a lot from collaborative learning as I have learned a lot of things from my peers in the group. For instance, in the business plan, YUQIN tells us some basic accounting rules and how to calculate them. In the past, I had only a limited knowledge in that area. Her behaviour has arisen a lot of interests for me and I will spend more time learning it. Besides, when we think about the corporate logo and slogan, everyone shares their different ideas and explain its reason. In this way, they give me some inspiration and let me know how to think about problems in different ways.
We should learn to how to absorb others's advantages and share what we have possessed to our group members.I think it's very important to communicate with each other and spare no efforts to the work of group to get the target and destination of the group.
In studying, my teammates are good at different things, like a person is good at accounting which i can learn. A person have good logical thing which i can learn.In social part, it is really help me to cultivate the ability of communication, as well as the ability of team working. Some times, we really need to balance the mind from teammates and avoid useless debates.
When you work in a group ,you need to attach importance to team performance.Many time you need to coordinate all people's thoughts.And It;s easy to have conflicts in a team,so we should adjust our emotions to avoid fierce conflicts,It is bad for teamwork,so we should get along well with team members. We need some sacrifice.And It's important to create an active  atmosphere in a group.Everyone are willing to express their ideas,and everyone want to take part in teamwork.
I learned to work harder to complete my work so that it doesn't affect others. Because the success of the team is not the effort of one person, but the efforts of the team members. Learning to communicate with team members, communication is the foundation of everything. Be patient with other team members. It is best to accept the opinions of others in a humble manner, which will make you better.At the same time, we must also put forward opinions on others, which will make you progress together. Adjust your emotions because your emotions may affect others.
First of all, the group work is almost all complicated, difficult, and cumbersome tasks such as business plan. Learned time management in this group assignment. Second, understand the characteristics of each team member, and arrange tasks according to his strengths and weaknesses.
Well, let methink about it , we have had cooperated for many times this semester,presentations, sceneries and so on.On the firstclass, we were totally unfamiliar with each other, I am not a outgoing personand I try to be active and get everyone involved. I was not so hard as myprediction because we are all Chinese and we try to show our friendliness.To finish ourfirst assignment, we got together and discussed about it, I found it was veryawkward if there were nobody stand out and saying something, and everyoneshould treat assignment seriously , even one person would have bad effect to others passionate.
I learned the  sense of innovation and leadership from my team members. My team members are very united. They are very diligent in doing things, they are very thoughtful, they always think about the issues very well, and they can organize each group discussion very well. I also learned their excellent ability to handle things, they use a variety of software to process data, write documents, and check information.
In this term’s group work, I take the leading role in the team, which makes me under pressure. Because managing a team is not an easy work, I have to keep every mate the same step. Also, I learn a lot through it.1.    A team always be more intelligent and stronger than individuals.2.    Teamwork can solve more difficult and complex pieces of work.3.    Teamwork is sometimes not flexible as single one.4.    Every one need to engage the talk, brain storm and assignments.5.    Every one should be patient and peaceful, otherwise it is very easy to result in quarrels.6.    As a leader, I am aware of the importance of leadership and I should make many decisions which help group to realise the direction of work.7.    I need to take care of everyone’s emotion and provide necessary help when they need.8.  We have to be honest to each other.9.  Everyone should be responsible to our group work and the result whether they are good or not.10. We should respect each other.
We have not done much group work in our modules so far this year, but generally I learn more things due to other people's different approaches to a given subject, as they might notice something that I would not, and I hope the same is true of the reverse case.
Working in a group: -    is very beneficent and effective,-    different people bring different approaches to solving the problem,-    also new ideas,-    it’s quicker and easier than working alone,-    it’s inspiring.
We haven't actually completed much work in groups but I suppose in the lab sessions we have had have involved helping each other out. I anticipate we may encounter some problems when we undertake proper group work in the future however as personalities can clash and relying on other people to get things done can sometimes be quite daunting. There are also many benefits from working in groups, such as pooling together everybody's knowledge and skills to get certain tasks done and to assign roles effectively to match each team members strengths.
We haven't been working a lot in groups, at least during the lectures or labs. We have worked in groups in the PPP workshops and in few lab sessions. However, I think it is an interesting exercise because you can share your ideas and Knowlege with the other classmates and improve your abilities in explaining thinks to the others and be able to use other's ideas with yours.
I can't say if I gained any particular insights to be honest. It's a skill that I never thought of as having to be actively learned. 
I have not had many chances to work as a group with my course mates yet. On the other hand I have experienced collaborative learning when sitting with several of them in the labs trying to understand some code, or overcome some common difficulty. I find it very interesting how each one of us comes from a different background and their strengths and weaknesses together with their overall way of thinking can vary significantly. This difference in way of approaching similar problems can be very helpful when discussing with one another as it broadens ones prospective and directs towards thinking outside the box.
We have undertaken very limited work as collaborative groups. I have seen briefly the importance of effective communication and organisation as a group.
I didn't have much group work this term but I feel like I need to be a good listener.  Sometime I focus too much on What I am going to say, so I tend not to pay attention to others.  
I don't have much group works this term. But in the induction week, I join one group activity with my classmates. I understand that English speaking skills here in group work is most significant, because the more clear I describe, the more possibility I have to become a team leader. Leadership is a very important skill in group work, so if I want to become a leader, I must improve my English as soon as possible. Cooperative skills are important too when I am a member of a team. I think most of classmates are friendly. If I have anything I don't know, I can ask them for help.
In the work of the group, there will be times when the group members have different opinions. At this time, we need to discuss together rather than compromise casually and affect the work results of the group. In addition, group members should learn to help each other understand, solve problems together, do not shirk responsibility, to become a loving group.
Team work is important, and I gained much from collaborative learning. First of all, punctuality is a good character because it is respect for others' time. Secondly, communication with others is especially important, and we should pay more attention to our ways of communication, which means that we should keep patient and calm when others have different opinions with ours. Lastly, trying to accept others' thoughts and opionions is very essential.
Each group should have a leader, and it will be the person who has strongest leadership. When team members failed to finish the work, as a leader, as the rest members, all of them should encourage him and help him to put forward.
Well, after a semester of group study, I think unity is very important. The united group can accomplish the task very well, but my group is not doing well. There are always people who are absent or leave early for personal reasons during group meetings. In this way, they will not be able to grasp the details discussed in the last meeting in subsequent meetings, thus affecting the efficiency of learning.Secondly, it is also important to get along with each other. Our group sometimes quarrels over some trifles. Mutual respect is much better than mutual dissatisfaction.I think it is also important to learn to understand others. For example, it is understandable to be absent from a group meeting for physical reasons. Also, learn to understand that everyone has strengths and weaknesses. Don't laugh at others for their shortcomings.Finally, I would like to say that one must have a sense of responsibility in order to play a better role in the team. A girl in our group is often absent from meetings because of her boyfriend. She was also unable to complete the assigned tasks on time or efficiently, which led to the increase of other people's workload. All the members of the group were dissatisfied with her. Attitude is very important, it not only determines whether you can finish the task better or not, but also the right attitude is the key factor for future success.
Today's society is in the era of knowledge economy, all walks of life increasingly fierce competition, these competition is not by the ability of individuals can win, team spirit in the competition is more and more critical, the personal ability is limited, much work requires teamwork to complete. For example, an enterprise job is to create a new company, so the entire job contains many aspects of the company's affairs. So it is challenging for a person to finish the homework, but there are six people in our group, so it will be easy and efficient for you to work together to complete this job. I think the benefits of group collaboration are as follows：1: Improve supervision through study groups. A person's ability is limited, for example, a teacher to dozens of students, in the general manager will inevitably appear loopholes, or there is no place to check. However, after grouping, the other team members are equivalent to teachers, can monitor a team member at any time to learn, which task is not completed can be detected.2: Through the group cooperation, mobilise the enthusiasm of the team members. There are always people in the group who are not highly motivated to learn. Through the interaction of the Group and interesting cooperation, so that students who do not learn will follow the learning, and progress is excellent, other members of the team to encourage, the enthusiasm for learning will rise, the performance of genetic improvement.3: Through group cooperation, improve learning efficiency, optimise learning methods. It takes much time for a person to do difficult homework alone, and a group discussion can save time, and the interest of the team members is thicker. In the process of cooperation let the team members understand the method, academic exchanges, then a better way to learn from each other, to form a good study habit, but also to allow the team members to learn to choose and judge what is useful, correct, the best concept and practice.
I think group members need more communication. Everyone should show their thoughts to each other in group talking. As a group, if we can reach a same thought and then work together, the result could always be better. If someone never show his own thought or work carelessly, his performance will influence the proformance of our team. 
Creating a harmonious team by taking advantage of individual's behavior can greatly improve the team and individual performance.There is no perfect individual, but there is a perfect team.Everyone has a role in the team that suits them best. Some people are suitable to play the role of leader and creator, while others like to play the role of coordinator and executor.We can quickly and accurately find our position in the team through self-analysis tools and other people's evaluation of us.
understanding others' viewpoints and meanings . Expecting the next steps others will take.Paying attention to other's micro-expressions.
First, I gained unity awareness, because we need to discuss and achieve every task together. If we can not achieve the common goals, it is difficult to work together.Secondly, I learned to have leadership and actively organize and carry out learning activities and programs.
Firstly, every group member has advantages and disadvantages. And when we work together, if we can take advantages from everyone and make up for everyone's disadvantages, we will achieve the best efficiency in our group. Moreover, everyone has different experience and different knowledge so when we work together we can create more creative ideas than individual work. But to be honest, diversity not only will create value but also cause serious disagreement even make conflict. So when a conflict occurs, we should give up some personal persistence for the sake of team harmony. So I always have a question that is harmony more important or efficiency? And when I have a more effective method but my groupmates don't agree with me so whether should I give my method up for team harmony or stick to my own idea?  
I think collaborative learning is the processto optimize my own idea/opinion. By collaborating with my group mates, I canpresent my thoughts and others can provide me with some suggestions for improvementor point out something that goes wrong for me. I have truly understood that manyhands make light work, there are always some creative ideas appears after ourgroup discussion as the achievements of our brainstorm. Collaborative learningis an ideal way of learning for me. 
In the group work together, I think the most important thing is the cultivation of team awareness. I feel that after my study group has laid a deep friendship, everyone's attitude towards homework is gratifying. At the same time, it is a great thing to listen carefully, be brave in expressing and comment on the team members. In addition, group work can always expand some of your ideas. 
Group cooperation needs to emphasise planning and efficiency. When everyone has a plan, things go smoothly and save time. In addition, the team members need to communicate effectively. At the beginning, they will have different ideas and suggestions on a topic , which requires them to decide the final content through communication.
Everyone has his or her strength part and weak part, some task can be finished better with the cooperation among members of the group, and I can feel the support between each other, I would like to study alone in the past, but after this period, I become more and more keen on the collaborative learning.
In our group, everyone has their own strengths. When you form a group, you will have many different opinions and understanding, which will allow us to better understand the course of study and make progress together.
1.listening to other members carefully is important.2.When receiving other members' advice that you disagree, you should think about it carefully before refuting.3.Allocating the assignments according to the things that the members are good at.4.Using others' advantage to cover your shortage and vice versa.5.Being punctual, being responsible for your own task, being active in discussion.6.Having the courage of your opinions.
It is important to express my own opinion. I think everyone is very good, usually I did a good listener. But I gradually discovered, in fact, I am also very good.a lot of my ideas are great, I should believe that they can bring contribution to the team.so I should say it out, and we discuss together.
First of all, everyone must be open-minded to accept the opinions of others. The worst thing about the group work is that some people can't listen to the opinions of others. Everyone can stick to their opinions and work. Secondly, everyone has advantages and disadvantages. I must be good at learning the strengths of others, discovering my own shortcomings and correcting them.Finally, be confident, be brave enough to express your opinions, express yourself, and discuss common progress together.
I have learnt many things from collaborative learning. Through group cooperation, I realize that teams are stronger than individuals. Some difficult problems can be solved easily by team work. Everyone has their own area of expertise. Thus, a group of people can make up each other's shortcoming and show their advantages. I also learn some precious things from my group members. They are all diligent and full of responsibility. They always work hard and remind me to do so. Our group leader is a man who is very competitive. He always want to us to win every assignment. In the presentation in course of Enterprise, I perform not well. However, my group members all tell me that I do not need to be worry. I would like to say thanks to my group members. 
In the group work,  I need to do the following three points. First of all, I have to define my own strengths and play my own strengths in the work of the group. Therefore, the assignment of responsibilities is a very important part of the group work. Secondly, I learn how to get along with others and learn to understand and tolerate the ideas of different people. Finally, While inclusive understanding, I also learned to discover the strengths of others, to learn and absorb the advantages of others.
Unfortunately, I can't say thatcollaborative learning had been a great experience. I had a group with lowcommitment with the assessments. Basically, me and one other partner were incharge to do all the work. And I think that this situations are often presentin every team, I don't expect that everyone has all the knowledge. But at leastthe minimum that I expect is to offer some commitment to achieve the commongoal. Is sad to see that for some people the MSc studies are not a priority atall. 
When working in a group, we should consider not only our own factors but also the situations of others, such as the personal abilities, advantages and time arrangement of team members. For example, some team members are not good at programming but have more abilities in management.At the same time, different practical situations should also be considered. For example, for embedded engineering projects, the choice of sensors is often determined by the functional requirements, but the functional requirements are determined by the customer, so a complete embedded project is a business layer that includes both the technical layer and the market research layer.
It was really good and fun working in the groups because I always believe in team works which would yield more results when compared to a person doing the same work alone. It was good to know more about my course mates during the collaborative learning. By splitting and assigning the work to each member separately it was good to complete the assigned work on time.
Firstly, before I came to York for postgraduate study, I seldom experienced collaborative learning. So at the beginning there will be some unfamiliar and do not understand. In ordinary learning education, teachers are the main position, which also makes many people lack the ability of independent learning and independent thinking, lack of personalized opinions and ideas that cannot be expressed. In collaborative learning, students, as the leading role, are free to express their own views and understand the views of others. Not only promoted the study, but also enhanced the communication ability in the task, and promoted the relationship between students.
Team learning can promote personal growth. Due to individual differences, everyone can find their own comparative advantage. Team learning can give full play to the individual comparative advantages of the team members to achieve mutual assistance within the team. You can enjoy other people’s working skills and effective methods for free. You can also show your understanding and unique ideas and receive inspiration from others. I think it is very helpful for my future postgraduate study. Team learning helps improve the core competence of the team. The core competence of a team is not only a simple accumulation of one’s core competence. In order to promote team core competence vector superposition, team learning and knowledge sharing must be carried out. At the same time, everyone in the team can find the support point for the development of personal core competitiveness, advocating an atmosphere of mutual trust and seamless cooperation. 
Teamwork is an important skill in collegelife. At the same time, teamwork has taken a positive part in my currentcurriculum, and it has contributed a lot to my life.Firstly, collaborative learning is apositive way to urge effective inspections of different team members. Becauseof the unified learning objectives, like the common academic mark, incollaborative learning, each team member is the supervisor, and each otherchecks the missing parts in the group work.Secondly, collaborative learning is amicrocosm of teamwork in society. Every company employee should learn that howto get the most out of the minimum consumption, and teamwork will greatlyimprove the efficiency of this process.Finally, collaborative learning can alsotrain some positive relationships. These relationships are friendship inschool, which will help everyone improve their efficiency; they arerelationship of partners in work and bring benefits.
From the collaborative learning, I found that group meeting is very essential. In the group meetings, we can share our own ideas to each other. By this way, it is very useful to finish group working. In this term, we have some courses which need lots of group working. In my group, the group members are not from the same areas. In the group meeting, we need to avoid the cultural differences. When we communicate with each other, to be honest, it is a difficult process. However,from collaborative learning, the most important thing I gain is cooperation. Cooperation can deal with any challenge. 
From working with my group on assignments, I have learned that communication is the most important aspect to achieve effective results. As long as a group is capable of engaging one another, keeping details up to date, and highlighting what has happened/what went wrong/what needs to be done, collaborative learning will improve. 
I realized that we are a team and we are not alone in any work. We need to work together to complete it. So when we face the task, I know that discussion is our first task, then we need to communicate, give everyone's opinion and make a decision. And in team tasks, it is very important to know that everyone has advantage , and properly assign tasks.
Cooperative learning is conducive to giving full play to the advantages of each person, so that all team members can learn from each other and improve together, which is beneficial to improve the quality of learning.Sometimes peer help is more effective than teachers, and through the interaction between students, people's enthusiasm and interest in learning can be aroused.Through this period of cooperation in team, I learned a lot. I learned to respect and trust each other, to correctly understand and evaluate others, to share results, to communicate and encourage.
Term 1 / End of week 9 log entry: Self Promotion and Personal ReflectionExercise on Self Marketing and PromotionThis week's Personal Effectiveness and Masterclass workshop is about self-marketing and promotion using social media.  You may already have a profile set up on one or more social media sites.  A useful site for technical contacts is LinkedIn - we suggest, but do not insist, that you create a LinkedIn account and request a link with your supervisor and your supervision group members as a start to building a future personal technical network.Enter on the form below the URL of your LinkedIn profile or your favorite social media site - note we will not contact you via facebook, twitter or any other social media site unless you specifically invite us.  The site you give us should be an English language site.Insert your link below:
Everyone has a different work ethic when it comes to working together.
We have not done any group work so far. This is going to be in the spring term.
The key point of collaborative learning is to be modest. We should try to appreciate the strength of other members in the group rather than trying to find the drawbacks of them. Then, we should also be aware of what is the disadvantage of ourselves, then, we could be able to trying to fix these drawbacks in ourselves. Another important thing is learning how to listen. Trying to listening other people's opinion and use their opinions to improve my opinion rather than try to convince other people that their opinion is not good. There are a common mistake people will made in collaborative learning. Everyone tend to believe they are correct, but actually not. This will prevent them from learning from others.
Irrelevant question
Everyone has the ability of everyone, and everyone has different problem insights. When we work together on a project, integrating different insights into a viable solution will be a huge success. This is the meaning of teamwork. We all have different ideas, some enhance our own abilities, some bring innovation, and enhance communication and collaboration between people.
I am a student at DSE. WE DON'T HAVE GROUP
In my view, communication is important in the group, because it contributes to the distribution of work and the maintenance of relationships between members. Secondly, modesty and respect are necessary, it is helpful to relationship of teammate.
I have not had group work yet.
First, I found that working with different peoplecan come up with so many different good ideas, especially when the groupmembers are from different countries. For example, when the group make adecision about the name of our business plan. The Chinese members comes up somenames that are related to the functions of our business, while our Spanish memberthink of a literary name that kas a relationship with the city and ourbusiness.Second, I found that group members have manydifferent skills can make up for the shortcomings of others. For example, our Perumember know how to use the CAD, while others can’ t use CAD very well. So, he helpsus a lot when we design a logo.Third, it is important to have a good communicationwith other members. For example, when we decide to choose our business’smission and vision, a Chinese member and Peru member have the similar suggestion,but they don’t communicate well, and cost us a lot of time to argue about that,finally we found that we waste to much time on arguing nothing. 
One of the thing, I have learned with collaborativelearning is that nothing is impossible when we work in group. For instance, we recordedour promotional video about our business idea. Each of us played very importantrole in order that the video will be recorded with success. We jointed all ourtalents. Yifan and Yuxin have good sense of observation because they can detectsmall detail to improve in the Video. Shixian showed his actor talent.Alejandro have good skill in recording the video. Weifan edited the video and Iconstructed the battery. I felt very happy that day because each of us showedtheir talents. I learned so many things, however; one thing that I am going touse in future is editing video because I would like to have my own business. Inbusiness is important to have promotional video. On the other hand, manage cashflow also plays important role in business. Cash flow is the blood of business. For instance, inour business plan cash flow was a problem. We were worry because cash flow wasnegative during two first years. Weifan and Yifan worked very hard in order toreduce the expenses. The modification had little impact in cash flow. Then thiswas a serious problem each of us give some opinion about the issue. Firstly, Ireviewed all the cash flow with Weifan and Yifan. My opinion was basicallytechnical and more focus in expenses in employees and equipment therefore cashflow improved a few more. After Alejandro also examined it improved a few.Finally, with these two modifications Weifan and Yifan improved our cash flow.Finally, the result was a realistic cash flow. Each of us have helped in someway to fix the problem. With only one perspective could be difficult to solvethe problem. Collaborating learning is more advantage than working alone becausewe can see the problem from different angles.
In my opinion, communication is the most important thing in group activities. In addition, allocating tasks according to person’s strength can increase efficiency. Last but not least, I feel that we need to learn empathize，which need us to understand the others feelings and problems. 
The first thing I gained from collaborative learning is communication.From my work in groups, I knew that I need to learn to communicate with group memebers and understand them.Because there are different personalities in a group, especially when there are memebers  from different countires in a group.This will create cultural differences so we need to communicate with each other and avoid conflicts that cultural differences bring.The second thing I gained from collaborative learning is tolerance.If we have the attitude of tolerance when we do collaborative learning, we can accept ideas and opinions from others.This can make us learn somethin new really from others.
I considered that I've become more open minded since I had to work with people from different countries. I also improved on been less ""shy"" or ""scared"" to participate in class or give presentations. I've also learnt to be more proactive and do most of the things on my own.
through this group work, I found that a good leader is important, which can improve the efficiency of work.  And work in unity is also very important for a group, some people is good at this point, some people is good at other point, the cooperation can increase the work efficiency.
I learned about market analysis, financial statements, swot analysis, etc. from collaborative learning in enterprise assignment.
I have gained that in the collaborative learning, everyone should pay attention on what task you have been allocated. You should finish the task on time because no one should wait for anyone else. The cooperation is very important. Since we can not handle the group work by anyone self, we need to trust our group members and keep attention on our own mission.
First, I realized that the group members need to communicate. For example, in many cases, when we constantly put forward our own ideas, we also need to listen carefully to other people's ideas, and then mix these ideas to find the most suitable point. In addition, we need to understand each other. When problems arise, we don't just blame each other. We can solve problems with each other and help each other. Only in this way can we complete the homework more perfectly.Secondly, I found that each of our team members has their own strengths. Whether they are active in thinking or very willing to listen to other people's ideas, they have let me grow and learn in this group, and let my graduate life adds a lot of fun.Thirdly, I have to say that during the life in UK which brings me a lot of change. I swear I was not a person who likes to share ideas with others. I had different opinions, but I usually followed the advice of most people and did not make additional proposals. I am not sure this change is better or worse, but i know i'm changing now.
First of all, collaborative learning make us studying efficiently, because a task could be divided into several small parts and finished  by each person. Moreover, we can shall knowledge, which means we can be improved together. Besides, it is a excellent opportunity for everyone to practice how to collaborate with others, and how to define your role in a group. In addition, collaborative learning enhanced my self-reflection by comparing with my group mates.
The first thing I learned wasorganizational skills. In many cases, we need to complete a complex task in thegroup, and excellent task allocation will greatly improve our overallefficiency. What's more, communication skills, in group work, we need to haveregular meetings, and it is important to express ourselves well and make fulluse of negotiate skills.
Collaborative learning is not just about discussing issues, but more importantly, proposing and correcting problems in the process of collaboration. At the same time, learn to listen and understand partners. In addition, try to explain your point of view with critical thinking.
Firstly , active communication isvery important thing. Because if I can not tell others about ourselves idea ,our partner may think I am not work hard and respect them . Secondly , it isvery important  thst cooperating finishthe team work .However , many times we also should finish some work belong to myselfapart . There are some problem . I think this is very general thing. So ,weshould focus on solve the problem rather than other things.   
I have gained some insights in the group work. First, communication is vital to the process of the group work. As we can imagine, everyone in the group has his/her personal thoughts and they are almost different in the biginning. We will struggle to finish the group assignment if we insist on our own idea. Therefore, effective communication will narrow the gap between us and help us set up a common goal. Second, we should respect the way others work. In the process of team work, conflict may happen because of the different habits and methods that team members have. It's a common phenomenon so we should respect to the differences. 
I learned the importance of teamwork in group work. It's always a very efficient thing for everyone to do different things in a division of labor and finally to collect information. Because everyone may have different opinions when dealing with different problems, it is also important to learn to persuade others.
Of course, I have done a lot of team work since the course start. From the team work, 1. we can exchange the idea of one issue in order to understand the issue roundly. 2. Different people has different skilled field.3. We should do the work allocation based on the abilities of team members.4. More discussion might be helpful to the team work.5. Providing useful idea while discussion.
Good communication is essential for group work. Everyone has his strengths and weaknesses. For the problem solving, Individual’s perspectives are usually not comprehensive but everyone can learn from each other's strengths and find the best solution through good communication.
Communication and accountability are crucial. Communication can help better deal with the contradictions we encounter when we encounter different perspectives. I think everyone should be responsible for their own parts, which makes the team work more efficiently.
1. listen actively to others2. respect other when they are taking3. encourage different ideas and critical thinking4. try to learn from others
I think the most essential thing is the sense of responsibility. Because when everyone participate in the collaborative learning process, the teamwork can work smoothly. Once someone does not finish their own work, the work may be difficult to complete.
When I have doubts, I would ask experienced people to listen to others' opinions. It must have a scientific division of labor, which can improve the efficiency and effectiveness of collaboration. Strictly abide by the rules of time management and complete the scheduled mission objectives on time.
First, a good learning atmosphere isimportant for successful collaboration and it is the key to teamwork. In theprocess of cooperation, people who has ability of stimulating team members'emotions contribute to stimulate the thinking of the group members and proposesmart ideas. Second, people who has leadership skills is critical to teamwork,he can be used as a cohesive force to lead everyone to learn and work. Third,team members need to have strong learning ability. Learning can not onlyenhance and inspire people's intelligence, but also stimulate people'sinnovative thinking, apply their talents to lead the team in continuouslearning, and fully mobilize everyone's enthusiasm in the work. 
I think there are two elements for successful collaborative learning. Understand each other's abilities and do not be afraid of asking for help.About understand each other's abilities, assign appropriate work and responsibilities after understanding each other's goals and directions based on each person's different abilities and learning intentions. It is also important to give appropriate work. If you give something beyond your ability, it will cause excessive pressure. Therefore, it will reduce the team efficiency.About asking for help, encounter difficulties or seek cooperation are possible situations. Encounter difficulties can be data problems or can not solve the problems. In this case, it is very important for the team to help each other and find a solution.  Seek cooperation will happen when something can't be done before the deadline. However, it is not allowed to start work only before the deadline.
1. be united.2. be responsibility.
Obviously, is your teammates. If your teammates are so huge and strong ability, you might think I don't want to be the stumbling block. I will try my best to do everything. There is another point I want to say, the responsibility, I can't use the English word to explain how important it is. If you throw everything away to your mind and don't do anything, your teammate will suffer from you, they need to carry out your job. Finish your own job and communication are the two main point for successful collaborative learning.
I think the trust is very important that you have to trust your team members in the work, trust is the premise of cooperation. Second, expressing your own thoughts is also very essential, it can make your team members know your ideas and your opinion, when others are express their ideas, be patient and if their opinions are different with yours，communicate with others in time. People can cooperate better when they know each other very well. Besides, the third one is all the people have the same goal in the collaboration. When people have the same target, they can work hard for a same destinations.
The factors that I feel should be taken into account for collaborative learning - 1. Firstly before starting to work, it is important to a good conversation with your fellow teammates. This will give you an insight of who is good in what and that can help you in the future.2. When you start working on a topic, you should divide your roles individually so that everyone in the team gets to work on specific topic. 3. There will be times when group members might need some help, so the best way to get the answer is to your tutor about to get it done. 4. In between the weeks it would be better have a informal chat with your colleagues so that they you get some time off from your work as well .5. When the tasks are divided individually it would allow for every member of the team to work the topic in depth and then pass the knowledge to the team members and vice-versa. This would allow the knowledge to be spread to the whole group. 6. What I feel is most important for every group is to communicate when it's necessary. If the team follows this step I think they will surely succeed as a team. 
There are lots of necessary factors for successful collaborative learning, including unity, encourage each other, justice and equity, coordination and so on.
Unity, although it is for their score, unity is really important, if we are in every detail about some things, who did a few lines of text, who did a few lines of text, this is undoubtedly a terrible situation.CommunicationIn the discussion of some problems, there may be different opinions. We need to put ourselves in another's shoes and ask more questions about ""why"" instead of just fighting and bickering.The perspective-takingA team has some decisions, such as meeting held, because group number more than three people, even some team have eight people, then the meeting time is a contradictory point, everyone has their own life, so to learn empathy, inch sometimes needs everyone to achieve team wants to get the results.EfficientAs I mentioned above, the bucket effect, what we need is everyone to compete actively, do well and help those who do poorly to promote the completion of the task actively. That way you get good grades and get more time to do more tasks.
 I feel it will not be a successful collaborative learning without the following factors.1. Setting up a clear allocation of the individual part and a clear structure of the project. 2. Every member engages in this group working and follow the schedule on time.3. Arranging a group meeting regularly like at least once a week, and once we have problems we can discuss and solve them in the first place. Never delay anything.4. All of the team members need to have a sense of responsibility that we lead the group together to gain mutual benefits to achieve the common goal, everyone is the leader in the group. All the team member should be aware of the importance of their separate part.
Team members must work together, activelyand enthusiastically to complete the tasks as planned, and the goals must beconsistent, so as to generate cohesion and achieve the goals effectively.
I think the most important factor is ability to cooperate with others, because the main meaning of collaborative learning is divide the difficult and complex work into different small part, then everyone in the group will focus on one part which is his strength. So learning to cooperate is the most important thing .
The most important thing in the group's cooperation is mutual understanding and trust. Only by fully understanding and trusting each other, can we put ourselves in the perspective of others in the task of accomplishing others, rather than generate more suspicion and distrust. On the basis of understanding and trust, if we want to cooperate more efficiently and quickly, we also need to understand others and carry out appropriate team building, such as eating dinners and team activities.
1. Trust your group members2. Have confidence in yourself and group members3. Understand the final purpose and meaning of your collaboration4. Everyone has execution
Sharing ideas is a necessary factor, because the biggest advantage of group learning is that we can get in touch with different ideas and things can get unexpected inspiration, thus enriching our achievements, and can also make up for personal mistakes.
1.Have a clear goal2.Reasonable allocation of work3. Talk with all group members frequently4. Not blame any of  the team members
I think successful collaborative learning requires people devote to assignments initially and proactively, and they have to work harmoniously without conflicts.
1.Clear leadership：In group collaboration, select a clear leader, set a clear goal, come up with a clear path, reduce differences, so that the task can be accomplished quickly and directly.2. Good organizational atmosphere. Active and friendly atmosphere can make members willing to participate in group activities and be willing to contribute to the group.、3. Regular meetings. Regular meetings allow team members to respond to questions, think and help in collaboration, and urge team members to complete their tasks.
1. Team work abilityHaving goodteamwork can not only improve the efficiency of collaborative learning but alsohelp each other improve their professional knowledge.2. DiligentWorkinghard in cooperative learning is also an essential factor. The reception of newknowledge in the collaborative learning process is an important process.Therefore, it is an important factor to study hard and spend time learning newknowledge in the process of receiving new knowledge.
understand. when you try to understand other's opinion, you would find may be he would think lots of things, which could change your mind.
Personally, I think the effective communication is the key point to achieve successful collaborative learning. When we talk with each other, we can directly notice others' opinions. In that case we can discover conflicts easily and solve these problems as fast as we can to  avoid negative consequences. On the other hand, if we communicate effectively with each other, we can clearly identify their suggestions and sometimes these suggestions are very helpful for the total team work.
!. Establish clear group goals: This keeps the group on task and establishes an unambiguous purpose. Before beginning an assignment, it is best to define goals and objectives tisane time.2. Establish group norms: avoiding group member to absent from a meeting.3. Trust and promote open communication: building trust is essential. Team members should explain concepts thoroughly to each other. open communication.4.Using different strategies, changing the way of speaking and changing, like using real-world problems.5.keep critical thinking skills.
Ingroup collaboration, what I learned is that we must have some compromises and ourown insistence and position. Communication, compromise, tolerance and reliability are important. When agreeing on the number of meetings andmeeting time, we often need to make some compromises with our leisure time.When discussing different issues, different people hold different opinions. Atthis time, there are often some heated arguments. This is normal. Some goodideas are born under such circumstances. But we have to learn to compromise andmake a deadlock if everyone has their own opinions. But we can't follow othersblindly. We must have our own thoughts, and different thoughts will collidewith miracles.
: Discussion. there are some different opinions when we work together. the most important thing is discuss with each other and understand others thought.
There are many essential factors for successful collaborative learning, since we can pick them up and handle them, we can cooperate well with each other. Firstly, everyone of the group members should donate their strength. Team relies on not only strength of the collective discussion or decision making and information sharing, it emphasizes the joint contributions of member. We can get real collective achievements--sum of the collective achievements rather than the individual performance, and the team achievements should represent the achievements more than the sum of single parts. Besides, the division of the work based on the specialty of each other is really important. Knowing the different strength of each other, then, we can cooperate with each other to finish different parts. For example, I major in accounting during my period of undergraduate, therefore, in the teamwork of the Enterprise, I am responsible for the finance part.Additionally, the leader can be the core of the whole group. For example, I act as a leader in our group, I should know clearly about the task. Then, I should allocate the task for everyone based on the specialty. It is hard for the group to finish the task if their leader didn't know the task clearly.In summary, successful collaborative learning need a variety of skills and the factors which influence the collaborative learning should be identified before group working to cooperate well with each other.
It is essential for successful collaborative learning to do the three things. Firstly, all group members should have a common goal. If every member wants to get a distinguished degree, they can devote themselves to it wholeheartedly. By contrast, there are too many contradictory things when they finish their respective assignments. Secondly, every member should help each other. If someone cannot get help when he has confusion about some tasks, he may feel isolated and give up these tasks. Finally, every group should have a detailed division of labour and be clear about the tasks at each stage. Only in this way, can this group can be successful.
I think we should communicate with each other to show our opinion and solve the discrimination together.
1.The attitude to learn good thing from others, i need know what things are i did not have. Everyone have merits, the point is how to find and learn.2.patience. Actually, in the beginning(week1.2.3), there are some little debates in the team. I believe that everyone have different background before, we have some different opinion is in normal. We just need some time to adapt. As i wish, we are not only the teammates but also the friends.3.The sense of duty for team tasks. I am so lucky that everyone in my team are have a high sense of duty for finished the work we need do together. 
Tacit cooperation,each members complete their own jobs,active atmosphere,work hard,harmonious.
The communication between the members of the same group is very important, which will make everyone understand each other. The distribution of work is also important, so that everyone can do what they are best at. Everyone must trust each other so that they can do their jobs better. At the same time, to understand each other, this will promote everyone's feelings. Everyone has to put forward their own opinions, which will help the team develop.
First , consciousness is a particularly factor .Because only everyone can consciously complete their tasks are best as possible to make the whole task prefect . Second ,the time management is also important .Because only with sufficient time can we access more valuable information and continually modify it .If the schedule is unreasonable ,it is likely affect the finally failure to complete the task .
 Collaborative learning is all about students discussing and sharing their thoughts.  Whatever the case may be, be sure to create an environment where all students are accountable, not just a few. Try cooperative learning strategies where each student has a specific role for their group, or where groups work in pairs within the group.
I think the first is everyone's team awareness and good attitude. Personal teamwork plays a key role in the progress of a team. Then a good leader is also very important because we need someone with good leadership to lead the team to discuss, organize and summarize. In addition, I believe that a modest learning attitude, good study habits, and innovative writing methods are also important.
1.    Everyone should believe each other.2.    Regular meetings can make groupmates be familiar with each other, which can make work fluently.3.    Every should engage the strategy of group work, because decision is made by leader but produced by all members.4.    When someone is talking, others have to listen carefully and show respect.5.    Being patient is also very important, for Rome was not built in a day.6.    Everyone can question freely so that we can notice the problem timely.7.    Everyone should be punctual.8.    Important task need plan B in case something wrong happens.9.    It is very essential that everyone is working forward towards the same work and goal.10. Leader should keep the work process and make sure it is on the right direction.
I think that good communication is an essential factor for successful collaborative learning. This would include being able to point out what others might have missed or where they might be wrong, as well as being able to be told these yourself, and being able to share what have you learned clearly and concisely. Another essential factor is good time management, as this will allow for enough solo study to enable one to make sufficient contributions to the group in joint sessions, and not doing so will cause the entire burden to be on others.
-    a group of people focused on the same problem,-    open minded people,-    good knowledge and learning resources,-    the right amount of time,-    common room for meetings (not Skype, Messenger, etc.),-    people with the mentality of “team players”.
I think communication is one of the most crucial factors for successful collaborative learning. Members of a team need to be able to convey their ideas to one another in order to teach the group certain things and let other members know when they may be causing problems for constructive criticism or indeed to receive praise when a job is done well. Without communication, nobody would know their place and their strengths and weaknesses within that team. If you don't know what your team think then you have no barometer to measure your performance and therefore no way to improve. I think that individuality is also an essential factor for successful collaborative learning, everyone must bring something to the table in order to teach others within the group.
A willingness to co-operate is a must. Some people don't want to engage with others while studying and naturally that means they're not well suited to collaborative learning. And by co-operation, reciprocating knowledge or help is key. Again, collaborative implies that it isn't one-sided and if both parties share knowledge, that will help them both fill gaps in their knowledge. The other important thing that I find when studying with others is that both parties should be aware of each others needs in terms of pacing. It helps when you're on the same wavelength with others for when it's time to hunker down and work hard and for when it's time to take a break.
I would say that the most essential one by far is communication. I strongly believe that in order to materialize an idea you need to communicate it appropriately whether this is in words, a diagram, code or any other form. When working in a group it is important to be able to explain to your partners what your thoughts are on the topic as each idea could bring the whole group closer to success, and only through understanding ones thoughts can you combine them with your own to find alternative ways of solving a mutual problem. Furthermore I think mutual understanding is very useful. Each member should know what their strengths and weaknesses are and use them to the teams advantage. Finally I strongly believe that equality is required as every person should participate to the extent that they can towards the mutual goal. This does not necessarily mean that each person should complete the same amount of work, or same amount of ours. Instead I think each task should be handed out depending on the individual in such a way so that everyone completes to the best of his ability a certain section of the project.
As stated above, one of the most important factors in collaborative learning is the ability to effectively communicate. It is important to be able to ensure that everybody’s ideas are consider and constructively discussed. From previous experiences of group work, I have also seen the importance organise the distribution of work, in order to be able to make effective use of the whole groups time.
First, I need to know how to express my ideas in effective way.  Also being a good listener is essential to work together.  
I think the cooperative skills are important for successful collaborative learning. For example, the communication between group member is a vital factor. If some members have problems, they can ask other member for help. So if a group has a very good communicating environment, it will help collaborative learning more successful. And the responsibility of group member is significant, everyone should be responsible for their own tasks. Leadership of leader is important, too. A good leader can create a comfortable environment for members to finish collaborative learning successfully. 
I think many factors are essential for successful collaborative learning, but Task assignment is especially important, because in a group, different people are responsible for different task, and then these tasks need to be connected. When a group start to achieve an assighment together, the first thing needed to be is task assignment, which can save time and energy. 
Team members should unite in a concerted effort to put forward. When there are divergences, all of the people should try their best to solve problems instead of leaving it happening. I think the unity is the most essential factors to success in collaborative learning.
1: Clear learning tasks. In order to make students ' Group cooperative Learning carry out in an orderly and effective manner, students must have a clear task of learning. Among the team members, before starting the task, negotiate the content and objectives of the group cooperation, the way to complete the task, the criteria for evaluation, and so on. In addition to having an absolute value of cooperation, these tasks can be broken down, so that each member of the group to participate in the joint, everyone has something to do! Students have a clear task of learning, can avoid the blindness of Group cooperative learning, adequately reflect the effectiveness of group cooperative learning.2: Communication, evaluation. Communication, evaluation is also the team members to sum up the learning results, in the group members exchange, require each team member to express as clearly as possible the views of individuals or groups, but also ask the team members to learn in good faith to seek the views of other groups or to evaluate the opinions of other groups, in order to understand and actively summarize.3: Group cooperative Learning should be organically integrated with autonomous learning. Although group cooperative learning is an essential and useful way of learning, it is not a panacea; it should also be organically combined with other learning methods, especially with the organic combination of independent learning, in order to play a better cooperative effect. Because autonomous learning is the premise and important guarantee of active cooperative learning. Therefore, in the group, students need not only independent thinking, independent learning time and space, but also to create opportunities for group cooperation and exchange, so that the team members in the process of independent exploration to form their understanding of knowledge, in cooperation and exchanges with people gradually improve their ideas, give full play to the effectiveness of group cooperative Learning.4: If you cannot solve the difficulty, you need to ask the teacher. In the process of group cooperation, there must be many difficulties that are not clear to everyone. When enough information is consulted, and a relatively clear answer cannot be given after sufficient discussion, the team member is required to ask the teacher for advice.
Communication is important. I think my group is not good at communication. Some of us almost never show their thoughts and they perform carelessly in our group work. This really have influenced our performance, the others have to work more to make sure our work can be finished. Agreement is an other important factor. People in the group may have different thoughts but they need to reach an agreement through negotiation and discussion before thet start their work. If different people have different thoughts in a work, they will never perform well.
The purpose of forming a team is to work together. Team members need to have common goals and interests.Hold back enough strength to point to which dozen which, so the centripetal force of team member is very important, team member is not much, depend on essence.In my opinion, good teamwork requires team members to have the following three abilities: the first is learning ability. An excellent team must be a team that can learn and a team that loves learning.The second is communication ability, which is obviously the most basic and important ability as player.The 3rd kind is executive ability, learned, communicated well, the executive power that the most important is.How to cooperate effectively within the team to complete the task, how to spend less energy and less time to achieve the desired results.Execution is actually the embodiment of team cohesion.
Good at listening to others opinions.Cooperation with others.Giving the feedback to your team members.Willing share ideas with each others.
The common goals and devoting skill.As a group, we need to discuss and make a common goals. For example, if someone just wang to pass the assignment, but the rest of us want to achieve distinction, so we don't have the common goals. We need to discuss and communicate with him or her.Besides, we need to be dedicated, don't care about how much work we have, and we can actively listen to the opinions of other members.
I think understanding and trust are essential for successful collaborative learning. Because when you understand your partner fully, you will know the effective way to deal with your partner and understanding can help to eliminate misunderstandings and conflicts. And for trust, when you have created trust between you and your partners you can analyse the problem rationally if you have disagreements. Because you will believe that your partner just has disagreements with this problem not with you. It will make you feel so safe that you can resolve problem rationally.  
1. Mutual understanding is critical becauseonly when one can understand another can information be conveyed in theexpected way. 2. Mutual respect is also critical because everyone have equalchance to express his/her own thoughts when mutual respect exists in the group.3. Every group member trying his/her best to make maximum contribution to thegroup. 4. When someone encounters a problem, the others actively help him/herto solve the problem together. 5. Caring about each other is essential forcollaborative learning.
1. Have a common goal. Because only after all the members have the same pursuit, everyone can keep in sync. At the same time, it also helps to maintain the coordination of work.2. Pursue a better working attitude. Because only under the guidance of such an attitude, the team can work hard together.3. Efficient and reasonable work arrangements. This requires a combination of the personal characteristics of each team member to carry out targeted work arrangements.4. Help each other. Mutual help learning mode is conducive to building team friendship but also helps to complete homework with more efficiency and high quality.
I think communication and leadership are important. Although there may be no clear leader or group leader for each group to carry out activities, in the later discussion, the group will gradually accept that it is more obedient to the arrangement of one person who can make the work go on better.
All of the team members should have the same goal that everyone can be improved during the collaborative learning, and improve different skills, for example, the negotiation skill, the ability to work in a more efficient way, as well as finishing the task successfully on time,
The skills to communicate is a critical element, The collaborative learning requires the members within the group to engage in the meeting and exchange their minds. Making your own ideas clear and clarify and let your teammates understand what you are saying is essential. And when others are making a speech, we should be quiet and show some respect. Meanwhile,  we can take some notes when we hear a novel perspective we didn't think of. Good preparation could also make some contributions to a collaborative learning.
I think it's important to respect each other's suggestions in the group discussion and know how to draw good parts from each other's suggestions. And never worried to give your own opinion.It may can help your friends a lot.
1.Good ability of communication.2.A suitable place for collaborative learning.3.Punctuality and responsibility.
Communication and Good expression. Accurately express your ideas, to share their knowledge to others, and people easily to understand.Those are essential for successful collaborative learning.
I think tolerance can be the first and most important factor for successful collaborative learning. As we know, every person has their own habit and working method. Thus, conflict is inevitable. Under this circumstance, tolerance can be the best way to solve this problem. Secondly, reasonable work allocation is also vial for successful collaborative learning. Different people are good at different field. Some people have strong leadership, some people are good at calculating and some people may be diligent. Reasonable work allocation can assure every person in group can play their strengths possibly.
I think that the most important factor in group cooperation is to learn the advantages of others. In cooperation, everyone promotes each other and learns each other while improving the efficiency of personal learning.
CommitmentPassionFlexibilityCommunicationGood humour
First of all, language communication is the most necessary, which requires members to have a common language, such as English, in addition to different accents to get familiar with each other.On the other hand, we need a team leader, who may not need to provide any practical leadership, but we need such a person to lead our topic and direction in the crowd. Usually, he or she is a self-determined and optimistic member to play the role.
A successful collaborative learning should have members with the same goal toward which all of the team members are working together. The members should plan to complete the assigned task within the projected time. The team should have a good leader so that he/she take the team in the correct direction.
The most important factor is communication. Because often in collaborative learning, each person is faced with different tasks, it is important to report what has been done and understand the results of others. Because good communication is a big factor in getting things done quickly. Not only that, in the communication, everyone needs to actively participate in the courage to communicate. Therefore, you must have your own opinions to facilitate the task. At the same time, listening ability is also needed in communication. Everyone needs to understand other people's opinions and learn to respect and encourage each other.
I think the communication and knowledge sharing among the team members is the most important reason for the team's work to achieve the final result. In the group work, everyone's ideas are different, and the process of communication can continuously improve and integrate the ideas of the team members to get the final result. This greatly improves the efficiency of learning, and the workload of each team member is greatly reduced.
In the previous reflection, the importance ofcollaborative learning has already been mentioned. At the same time, there aremany positive factors in successful collaborative learning.First of all, respect each other. Due todifferent cultural differences, different team members will have different waysof thinking. Under the premise of respecting others, we can get along with eachother, and as a result, the efficiency of teamwork is greatly improved.Next, the division of labour is clear.Generally speaking, in a group of 5 people, a leader is needed to develop aplan, and other team members go to perform. Only a clear division of labor willmake the team work in order.Finally, a positive work attitude. Eachmember must actively look for information, for the team goal of struggle inorder to make the team complete the goal as soon as possible.
Absolutely it is cooperation. Cooperation is the presupposition of all group working. By cooperation, we can solve the problems in group working. In collaborative learning, we can also help each other. When we study together, someone has his own questions, others can help him find the answer. To deal with the group working, we can share our own ideas. It is beneficial to the group working. The power of a team is always larger than a person.
Good work ethic from all group members is a must for successful collaborative learning, key skills such as time management are essential in the sense that everyone in the group will have to work at the same standard in the working world. Individual strengths and skills should be acknowledged in the group so each member can provide a different aspect and insight to a certain task/assignment.
Communication and having a leader is very important, because when we work together, facing some problems, we need to gather everyone's ideas to produce the most effective method. Communication can help us know what the other person is thinking. A leader is someone who can give a good suggestion and give the the team a good direction in case of disagreement or even motivation quarrel.
First of all, mutual respect is an important premise. Due to the different cultural backgrounds and ways of thinking of team members, sometimes we may have different opinions, but we must listen carefully and respect each other's opinions. The second is communication, how to exchange opinions correctly and how to distribute tasks fairly are very important in group cooperation.Sometimes good communication can promote the feelings of team members so that we can finish the task better.The sense of responsibility is also very important, the success of group cooperation needs everyone's joint efforts, we should try our best to contribute our own strength, and try our best to do the work we are responsible for.
Here are the Important factors which are crucial for successful collaborative learningCommunicationOne of the most crucial factors in collaboration is communication. Your team members need to be able to express themselves clearly to each other and successfully manage channels of communicationCompromiseFor any team to work together in harmony and collectively solve problems, all members of the team need to have the skill of compromise. If there is someone on your team who does not know how to compromise, their stubbornness may be hindering the overall productivity and morale, the result would cause failure.Reliable and ConsistentCollaboration requires trust, and trust comes from reliability and consistency. Each and every collaborator has to have the skill of being consistent and being reliable. If your team is not reliable then the result will be unpredictable and often disappointing.Team PlayerFor effective collaboration to occur, every person involved needs to be a team player who is focused on reaching a common goal.Conflict ResolutionIt is important to engage in conflict resolution productively AuthenticityIt means that the ability to be authentic and true to one’s self it is an important skill to have when collaborating within a team. Effective collaboration will only be achieved if each team member is bringing their unique intuition, talents, and feedback to the table
Communication is clear between people.Everyone understands the problem and is on the same page.Have the right tools to solve the problem.
1.    Individuals involved should be ready to share knowledge and cross vitalize ideas on the subject matter2.    Every one involved should contribute meaningfully and positively3.    Conducive environment is important for collaborative learning to thrive  
Firstly, one essential thing is that everyone attend the collaborative learning should at least have some background knowledge in the topic that they will discuss. Otherwise, it is not collaborative learning but a tutorial. Another important thing is there should be a guidance. The guidance here means reference such as a teacher or a reference book. Since it is one kind of learning, students need to try understand something. Collaborative learning is still learning, the only difference is student work as a team so they could shorten the time of studying to achieve the same goal as before. So, student is not supposed to involve something about the personal habit or favorites in the learning progress. 
Irrelevant question
Good patience, good communication skills, good at discovering the strengths of others and humbly accepting good opinions and solutions from different teammates or others, good leaders, good sense of cooperation, enthusiasm for work or doing things.
This question is not suitable for our DSE students to answer
As far as I am concerned, communication ability and modesty are essential for successful collaborative learning, because communication can shard idea from each other and modesty can keep the relation of teammate.
I think that for successful collaborative learning, mutual understanding, and taking the best of each other, the spirit of collaboration is crucial. I think that for successful collaborative learning, mutual understanding, mutual strength, and collaborative spirit are all essential.
First, I think all the group members shouldbe allowed to share their idea and they should be willing to share. Because thecombine and the complex of the different can finally result In a amazing andgood idea. For example, when we choose our business, we have 4 members sharetheir ideas, and we combine renting bike business, sharing bike business ande-bike selling business together into the sharing e- bike business. And we all satisfiedwith it.Second, all the members should take part inthe group activities. I heard that some groups only have 2 to 3 members worktoo hard in the activities, and others only do very little work. I think that isunfair for that group members and it would be dangerous if the hard-workingpeople make some wrong decision.Third, I would be better if members have differentskills. Usually, members have different work to finish in a group, it would beeasy to distribute different mission like marketing, finical or computertechnology to different. if all the members only know the finical skills, that wouldbe hard to do the other part of the whole mission.  Fourth, I think it is important to have a goodleader. For example, our group don’t have a fixed leader, we only have theweekly leader. So, in many group meetings, our leader doesn’t know what to do andhow to organize our mission, that many our meetings last too long while we don’tfinish so much missions.  so, it is  important to have a good leader.
I am not an expert in the field, but I give my humble opinion.I think that there are five factors which influence successful collaborativelearning. First, a topic of discussion or a topic of interest.It is important to have clear idea what topic we are going to debate or whatproblem we are going to solve. So, persons can study or make an investigationabout the topic before we are going to have meeting. Moreover, we need some aimor goal in order to put in practice collaborative learning. For example, whenwe need to learn more about the subject. we could plan to meet with our friendsor groups. For instance, in my group we had a meeting about in order to applycollaborative learning. We discussed about Legal System in UK. Each of us gavean opinion about the issue. Finally, we cleared up our ideas with differentpoints of view.  Second, a coordinator who can lead the meeting and whois going to establish the rules. He also is responsible that everybodyparticipates in the group because there are sometimes people who do not like totalk. Only one member of group is talking all the time. The role of coordinatoris fundamental. For example, in my job as a resident Engineer. When we had aproblem with project, I met with supervisors. I was coordinator of the meetingand I gave the opportunity to speak each member of group. Everybody listenedwhen one of the member was talking. In this way I ensured that the problemscould be solved since different perspectives.Third, Critical thinking is important because give asthe opportunity to analyze the problem from different perspectives to membersof the group. We do not need to accept the other idea superficially, we need toanalyze it in depth. We need to evaluate critically. whether the personarguments are reliable or not. He or she is supporting well their ideas.Moreover, critical thinking gives us the opportunity to evaluate the problemfrom different perspectives. Fourth, results and debate play crucial function.Where everybody wins some new idea or theory. It is important each members ofthe group express their ideas and sustain their ideas. For example, in theparliament where there are a lot of debate. Each person expresses his or herideas and others analyzed and asked question about the topic. They givedifferent point of view. For Instance, in international classes happened thiswhen two group chose the same topic (Brexit ). In this case two of members ofgroup debated about Brexit. They had different perspective. The professor wasthe moderator. Each one expressed their point of view. Finally, bothcomplemented very well.Finally, a white board or screen where each member cansee where his or her ideas could fit better. In this way he or she is motivatedand involved in the meeting. Ideas must be written in white board or in anotherplace so that everybody could see. One of best way to write ideas is usinggraphics so that ideas can be accepted or rejected. We have five senses inorder to understand the world. When all our senses are motivated we canunderstands better.
1.   CommunicationCommunication is a basic of a successful collaborative learning. Because if you don’t communicate with others, nobody knows what you are thinking about.2.   Cooperate responsibilityOnly if the group members all own strong cooperate responsibilities and they all want to make contributions to group. Otherwise they would fail.3.   Trust each otherOnce we form a group, we must learn to trust each other instead of suspecting the ability of others.
- Confidence- Motivation- Open mind- Be proactive- Ambition 
positive attitude is a important factor for successful. everyone work hard for the group reputation then the collaborative learning will be successful.
Be able to admit your mistakes and discover the strengths of others.
I think there are many factors which are essentialfor successful collaborative learning. 1. We all should keep positive attitude withevery assignment that we have. Because the attitude decides everything and itis the first step to succeed. 2. Communication skills are essential for usgroup work. 3. We should comply with the group rules such as arriving atmeetings on time and no delay for one’s own tasks. 3. Respect with each otherand avoid fighting and quarreling. 4. We all should have the clear aim tocomplete assignment. 5. Keep the modest attitude. 6. Helping with others if anymember in our group is in trouble.
I think everyone must focus on our own task and be responsible for what you did and what you should do. We should trust our group members and if some in the group need help, we should be willing to help them at once, because we are a group. Every thing should be considered as a group problem. Never be selfish. Never be late for anything about the group.
Term 1 / End of week 9 log entry: Self Promotion and Personal ReflectionExercise on Self Marketing and PromotionThis week's Personal Effectiveness and Masterclass workshop is about self-marketing and promotion using social media.  You may already have a profile set up on one or more social media sites.  A useful site for technical contacts is Linkedln - we suggest, but do not insist, that you create a Linkedln account and request a link with your supervisor and your supervision group members as a start to building a future personal technical network.Enter on the form below the url of your Linkedln profile or your favourite social media site - note we will not contact you via facebook, twitter or any other social media site unless you specifically invite us.  The site you give us should be an English language site.Insert your link below:
1. Be responsible to group. Sharing knowledge and work for a better result together are everyone's duties. Leaving works to others without doing anything is intolerable.2.  Personal roles. It makes working more efficient.
In collaborative learning, it is important to evenly distribute tasks. Everyone has equal responsibilities and should make similar contributions in the group work，every team member should have equallearning opportunities. Equality is the most fundamental and important part ofgroup work.
Critical thinking, patient listening, good expression, and modesty.
The most important tings is thatwe should tolerate and understand each other. Because different people have differentsituation . in order to the same target ,we should put the suitable team memberto the right site. 
As follows, there are some factors that can result in a successful collaborative learning.First, trust and respect are vital in the collaborative learning. It's the foundation of the team that every individual trusts and respects each other, only then group members can work together and finish assignments successfully.Second, effective communication is important in the process of team work. It's common that every group member has his/her own thoughts which are different from each other, therefore, they need effective communication to make their thoughts together.
1. Listening.2. Critical thinking.3. Feedback.4. Discussion.
If we don't pay attention to communication skills and don't know to think about the problem from the perspective of others in the process of collaborative learning, it will easily lead to failure.
When there is no clear purpose and direction of a cooperative study, it is likely to become unsuccessful one. Once, in our group meeting, we started blindly because we didn’t know what to do, different from the previous group meeting that we all know clearly what tasks to accomplish. However, at that time, we wasted a lot of time on some meaningless things, such as the departmental responsibility of the company (we were working on a business plan, the departmental responsibility is not the most important content in the company structure.) We had not prepared for this in advance, so the progress of the whole discussion was very slow. The another situation is that two opposites have totally different ideas towards one thing and both of them don't want to compromise to each other, which will influence our process absolutely. 
Because everyone can not reach a consensus all the time. In our group, if someone has different opinions, our group would discuss this issue and solve this divergence. But if we still can not make an agreement, we may use other methods such as vote.
There may be many reasons for this, but I think that it is usually caused by a lack of positive attitude towards work. Because attitude determines everything. If you are perfunctory, how can you succeed?
First, there is a lack of communicationbetween the team members. For example, during the collaboration process, somemembers do not accept the advice from others, which results team work cannotcontinue. Second, the team members have no sense of responsibility. For example,a team member did not complete his or her own tasks, which affected the outcomeof the entire team work.
Because sometimes people only care about themselves when collaborative learning. It is not a teamwork  if some one only care about themselves  The purpose of teamwork is to learn from each other and gather ideas and opinions from everyone. Bad communication will also lead to division or misunderstanding of the team, which unsuccessfully collaborative learning happened in the same time. Communication is a way of dealing with problems in teamwork. Good communication ensures everyone's opinions, but bad communication will make the team have no motivation to cooperate. Therefore, try to think about the problem from the perspective of others, it can reduce the bad collaborative learning.
Personally, i think is that everyone has own thought but no good discussion to figure out.
The answer is so clear, you or your teammate don't take the responsibility and communication with your team. And the plan is delay so serious and then nothing can help. But I have heard one of factor lead to unsuccessful, her teammates are very good and talent but that is why they don't like each other, everyone have the same thought "" My idea is the best"" well.. the collaborative will be broken.
There are many reasons for the failure of group cooperative learning. The first one is when everyone's opinions are not uniform, all of group are not willing to make concessions. The second one is being self-centered in the collaboration, and ignoring the opinions of others. Non sense of responsibility is one of the reasons for team failure. For example, team members can not share team results with others, and team members always delay their tasks and affect the progress of learning projects. The last but not least, there is no clear division of labor in teamwork, in this situation, it might be easily lead to duplication or omission of work.
The major reasons for a collaborative learning failure are-  1. When people in a group don't communicate with each other. This happens when the group members don't like or hate the other team mates.2. Sometimes one team can also hold a grudge against the other team member. Something like this would surely work in the downfall of the team. 3. When the work between the other team mates are not divided individually. This would be the starting point of a future disaster. 4. When the group lacks a vision. It can happen when the group is not on the same page and they can't decide what they want to do.
Actually every group would face unsuccessful project, but it is not important. Members should find the reason why they unsuccessful and transfer them. Some reason like lazy behaviours, internal contradictions, no same goals, etc. which could also make unsuccessful for a collaborative learning.
Discussion mode (discussion turns into an argument)Buckets effectCare too much about personal gain and loss (selfishness)These three are the fatal problems of destroying a team
Success is always reserved for those who are prepared. First, there is the situation that someone is reluctant to do the contribution, which happens when he feels it is of little benefit to him. Some may also feel superior to other teams, and it is no meaning for he to cultivate the relationship in this group. Second, collaborative learning will fail for the reason that there is a lack of trust in the group. There is always a person who declined to express his mind in a group. In addition, a bad internal relationship in a group will also lead to failure. When all the members regard each other as the rivals, not the collaborators, it would bring up to an extreme conflict finally.
Sometimes team members delay the normalprogress of the plan due to laziness or other personal reasons, thus delayingthe progress; Or the members of the group did not complete the assigned taskson time with high quality and quantity, thus dragging down the overall qualityof the whole group; Or the uneven assignment of tasks affects the mood of theteam members; Or there is no clear plan, not enough preparation, resulting inthe failure of the task.
On one hand, everyone is a different individual in a group ,so when they are doing one subject, they will come up with different ideas, if they can't reach an agreement, it will be an obstacle to get success. On the other hand, if the members of the group do not unite and help each other, it will also make collaborative learning unsuccessful.
Sometimes teamwork can be very successful, but sometimes teamwork can be an obstacle in completing a task, mainly because there are members in the team who don't work together, and everyone pushes away from each other's tasks, and they don't care about the team's things. A failed teamwork can waste a lot of time on quarrels and suspicions, rather than pushing the team's tasks forward. Therefore, how to complete the teamwork better is still the problem that we need to overcome now. We will continue to improve ourselves in the continuous obstacles to achieve the ultimate success.
1. Argument2. Don't trust your group members3. Not everyone participate in the group work4. unclear and inconsistent collaborative learning purpose
I think the reason why most of the time is unsuccessful is that each person's personality is different. The members of the group are independent individuals, and the way of thinking and acting varies greatly depending on factors such as experience and origin. Letting such a completely different five people work towards one goal will create a path to the goal that is not needed. Therefore, the divergence of thoughts is a very common and normal phenomenon. According to the personality of the group members, some can be solved very well, while others will cause great contradictions, leading to the failure of a cooperation.
1. Team members‘ conflict2. No one lead the team and don't have a clearly goal3. Didn't allocate the task clearly
If some one can finish his or her assignments on time, or some blunt people with low emotion quality who offense others unconsciously, then the atmosphere can be very embarrassing.
1. Division of labor is not clear. Because the team needs division of labor and cooperation, division of labor is an important link, if the division of labor is not clear, it may lead to contradictions among team members, or inappropriate allocation of personnel, inefficiency.2. Work perfunctory. Failure to fulfill their duties leads to an increase in the workload for others. On this basis, others are reluctant to do extra work and eventually fail to do the reverse.3. Leadership is not clear.In the group work, there is no clear leadership, which leads to unclear objectives, insufficient direct path to implement tasks, confused methods, and no unified system, which makes the task completed slowly and of low quality.
Everything is likely to succeed and may fail. I feel that if teamwork fails,the first reason may be that communication is insufficient, communication in teamwork is an important issue, and secondly, it may be because everyone has insufficient professional ability. More than the teacher communicates to preview the future course in advance, and finally it may be because there is no hard work.
maybe someone feeling good about himself.
Bad communication process or skills can lead to a failure collaborative learning. If team member did not communicate timely, conflicts can be easily emerged inside the team. By variation of the time, this conflicts can be more serious and finally it can make members generate negative feelings for each other. Finally, conflicts can lead to a failure team work if we do not handle conflicts immediately. 
1.Some group members are simply irresponsible, fail to do their share of the assigned work, and leave the rest of the group to deal with the irresponsibility.2.Groups tend to have dominant members who often do the work, monopolize the group discussion, and carry less assertive members along with them3. Superior members ofter resent having to carry weak or lazy students and worry that their grades will be lowered by having to work with such students4.some students fail to participate in the group work at all but pressure their peers to put their names on the group report5.partition of the work among team members means that no one does every step of the assignment, so no one completely understands the entire exercise; and 6.Group comprehension of collaborative exercises has been poor.
Sometimesit fails because there is a lack of a leader who is strong-mind. Everyonedoes not want to be responsible, just want to do things as little as possible,without collective consciousness and collective honor, and pay more attentionto their own interests.
: No one can lead learning and everyone have own opinion without take others advice, this kind of situation usually cause learning unsuccessful.
Unsuccessful collaborative learning should blame on several factors.Firstly, a lack of cohesion of the environment can be blamed. People in the group have lofty ideals and high aspirations, but one's ability and cleverness cannot be given full play. Therefore, the teamwork is not successful. Only in the strict and orderly collective organization and with the efficient teamwork can achieve success in collaborative learning, and we should use the unity cooperation to overcome difficulties, or even create a miracle. Besides, the teamwork's core is the common dedication. Teamwork need to convince everyone to target the common dedication. The practical and challenging goals should be set, work motivation should be identified to motivate the team spirit and dedication, injecting inexhaustible energy to work. So the teamwork can be a voluntary cooperation to reach the established goal and collaborative efficiently. Additionally, the leader of the team can be blamed for unsuccessful. The leader is the core of the whole team. If the leader doesn't know the task clearly, the teamwork can be unsuccessful.All in all, many factors can lead to the unsuccessful teamwork, we should try to avoid them.
Different people have differentunderstanding and solutions about the same problem, which seriously influencetheir working efficiency. If one person cannot persuade the other one that hisopinion is correct, they are more likely to argue over one issue and stop theother. Besides, everyone has different requirement and standard to the sameassignment. If they find it cannot achieve their respective requirement, theymay ask other members to modify over and over again. In this way ,they may getnothing until the homework submission date.
I think we should concentrate on how to solve the problem rather than battle with emotion which lead to unsuccessful group work.
As i mentioned in the previous question.1.Less patience2.Negative attitude 3.Poor sense of duty for the team
1.Some ideas are not good,the team misjudgment. 2. Conflicts between team members.3.Team members can not coordinate well. 4. Negative attitude.  
Because everyone is not enough to understand each other, they are not familiar with the characteristics and personality of each person. This will lead to unsatisfactory communication and inappropriate work arrangements. These will make our work less efficient. The main point is that everyone lacks trust in each other, which makes the work difficult.
First , as I have answered above ,the timing is unreasonable and there is not enough time to access the information and thinking . Second ,the task is too difficult ,completely beyond the scope of their knowledge .They unable to complete the task in a short period of time .Third ,the team members are not  harmonious .so they cannot effectively discuss finding the key obstacles and finding a solution .
The students who are of high-ability , once they are in a group, they nay  have to reduce their quality of their work because another group member doesn’t agree or understand.       Sometimes members don’t talk to one another at all, and some only talk to criticize other group member's hard work and effort.     with the time spent arguing with group members or trying to plan good days to meet up and work on the project together, learning about the subject matter is often greatly reduced. 
Because of the lack of a capable person to lead all team members to carry out group work. The unsuccessful collaboration is also due to the difference between each person's way of thinking and learning habits, which will cause disputes between the members.
1.    Teamwork is not flexible, so sometimes not everyone has the same schedule to have a group meeting, which makes it more difficult to communication.2.    Everyone has different opinions and sometimes cannot agree on the same goal.3.    The characters and personalities of groupmates are also different, and it may make communication not as smoothly as expected.4.    Someone may be not active with the group work, which can break the harmonious group atmosphere.5.    Someone has bad habits, like being unpunctual, which make others unsatisfied.
Maybe, there are many reasons why collaborative learning unsuccessful, for example, some member do want to coperate with other members or can not achieve the task until deadline. However, I think the commonn reason is that sometimes members can not listen to others' opinion, which can lead toquarrels.
Many factors. 1) Disharmony in the team. Each person has their own thoughts, if communicate improperly, it will become argument. Finally, disharmony arises.2) Not seen all members as a unity. Maybe someone likes work alone, someone don't like communicate with others. All of these personalities we cannot control will become the barrier to make the team a unity.
1: Feel free to assign cooperative study groups. When learning together, there will naturally be a study group, but such a study group is not a random combination, because each student's knowledge base, interests, learning ability, mental quality are different. When teachers are grouped, if these factors can be taken into account, it will make the force between the groups uneven and the competition unfair. Not only that, but such grouping is also natural to make students from unhealthy psychological quality.2: The distribution of cooperation objectives is unclear. The uneven distribution of tasks among team members and the lack of assignment of tasks following each person's strengths or expertise have led to learning to be blind, inefficient and meaningless. Moreover, it is easy to arouse the debate and contradiction within the group, which seriously affects the harmony of the group and the efficiency of the work.3: The team members are not active, there is no enthusiasm to learn. There will always be relatively proactive people in the team members, and people who have no intention of learning. If you do not mobilise the enthusiasm of all the team members, then the group's homework will fail, the same will lead to contradictions within the group.4: Lack of group management. A good group should have a good leader to lead all the team members to learn and control the general direction, without a good leader, then this group will always be fragmented, unable to focus on cohesion to do the task of the group.5: Regular meetings to summarise and reflect. The necessary discussions between the groups are essential, such as meeting once a week to summarise the results of the panellists and to carry out inspections and improvements together. Besides, it can also allow much communication between the members of the group, which can also promote communication and understanding between the crew.
I think it may because people in the group cannot reach an agreement. If the group cannot work together their performance will not be good. But I think only a few cases may be unsuccessful because most people can work well through communicating with others.
Team members often do not or just pretending to be a meeting, the meeting between the team members did not clear the division of responsibilities, rights and benefits, lack of the ability of complementary between team members, team members did not clear the process of teamwork, team members do not agree with the process and system, team members can not participate in the major decisions of the team, and team cooperation can not get reward, team cooperation is not punishment, team members can't share the achievements of team and team members to distrust the team leader, these are the reasons for the unsuccess collaborative learning.
Lack of communication and understanding among the team members.Some team member refuse to express their ideas.
For the first reason, the team members are not united and they lack a common sense to complete the group work.Second, some people cannot tolerate the opinions of others on his proposal.Third, an unfriendly group atmosphere can affect the mood of the entire group, leading to collaboration failure.Finally, the team lacks a leader role and no one guides the direction.
As I said above, if one group lacks trust and understanding, it will cause more problems. Another reason, some team members' personalities are not compatible. In addition, when people have different and conflict goals, they cannot make success in collaborative learning.
1. Everyone has his/her own schedule so thatsometimes the group meeting time might be hard to be settled down. Therefore,some thoughts can’t be shared in time and eventually fade away. 2. Some of thegroup members may be not so energetic and active, instead, they are a bit lazyand passive and contribute very little. 3. Some of the group members may be tooconfident about his/her own opinions and unwilling to accept others’ opinions.4. No enough mutual understanding and respect in the group, for example, somemembers insist to hold a group meeting when others are not so available, so thesepeople have no choice but to change their plans passively and unwillingly.
In fact, collaborative learning in my group went smoothly. But the unsuccessful experience also exists, and that is the problem in some details. In terms of details, it may be easy to reflect the different evaluation views of different people. However, this small aspect generally does not enter the entire group of seminars. Therefore, when the inspectors make suggestions to the task-responsible classmates, they may not be accepted.
Not to pay attention to efficiency and communication in group cooperation is an important reason for failure.
Because people may have different views about some part of the task, since everyone has a different growing environment and character, someone are used to do one task at one time, while others may prefer to do different tasks at the same time, people may choose different time to start their work.
That the preparations are not sufficient might lead to an unsuccessful collaborative learning. In a group work cannot continue the discussion without well prepared. Another reason may be short of time whatever before the meeting or during it. Sometimes the topic is complex so they need more time to investigate and discuss. Social media may be another cause of failure. Some group meeting pay more attention on their Facebook or Instagram account, they chat with other people duiring a collaborative learning. Therefore they can't engage in the work.
Because the six members of the group are different individuals, each people has different opinions on the same thing. This is not only the most interesting part of the group discussion but also the most difficult part to adjust. Learn how to understand other people's ideas which is very important in the group discussion.
1.Members are divided in opinions and mire in gridlock.2.Someone has an off day.3.Someone does not finish his/her task.4.Having a bad communication and emerging conflict.5.Members are attracted by other things  such as chatting.
1. Maybe each one has almost the same knowledge, and when do collaborative learning, they can't get more knowledge.2. Bad expression. when a person can not express himself  well,others can not understand what he said.The collaborative learning must be inefficient and unsuccessful.
I think it may be the lack of trust and tolerance. If people can not trust and tolerate each other, a lot of conflict will appear. For example, some people want to adopt a strategy but other people want to adopt another strategy. They are not willing to make the concessions. Then, conflict become more and more irreconcilable. Finally, collaborative learning relationship breaks up.
Unsuccessful teamwork may have the following two factors.  First of all, when several people discuss issues together, there will be disagreements. If everyone insists on their own opinions and refuses to make concessions, it will result in unsuccessful cooperation. Secondly, When some people put forward their opinions, some team members feel that this view is not rigorous, but for various original purposes, they may not give timely opinions, which will also lead to unsuccessful cooperation.
Because lack of interest by the elements of the team, poor contribution, no critical thinking, nor enthusiasm.
If all the work had to be discussed and analyzed, it would add a great deal of complexity to the whole work. For example, the work of programming could not be completely discussed, because it is a work of individual thinking, and the logical structure of programming should be discussed rather than the concrete implementation.From another perspective, some jobs do not require collaborative learning, which is a learning method that expands and deepens views. However, some jobs only need to extend the learning linearly without broadening it.
It becomes unsuccessful when the team is not have a proper leader and focussed goal towards which everyone is working together.
The first reason is that everyone in the group has a different level of knowledge, which results in some people having something to say and some people having nothing to say. As a result, there are often differences of opinion within the team, and all team members cannot participate in the task. Second, the division of labor is not clear, the lack of a clear division of labor. A lot of times it just looks like group work but it's not really collaborative learning. Without mutual communication and learning, the purpose of cooperative learning cannot be achieved
I think it may be related to the work habits of the team members. Because some students like to think and solve problems independently, and some students like to solve problems through discussion and brainstorming. This sometimes brings conflicts to the team members. I believe that mutual respect and understanding are effective measures to solve this problem.
There aremany factors in the unsuccessful collaborative learning. I will analyze bothpersonal and team.For thepersonal aspect. Firstly, because of cultural differences, everyone's attitudetoward work is different, and what means it is difficult to unify the workprogress. Secondly, the negative working attitude of some people will increasethe workload of others. Finally, the combination of different personal factorscan be a hindrance to teamwork.For theside of team. The division of labor is not clear, and different team membersare not clear about their work direction, causing ambiguity and even confusion.Team decision making. A good decision will greatly improve work efficiency, butgood decision making requires a leader who has a good overall situation. If theteam not have a good decision, the chancesof the team making mistakes will be increased.
Sometimes the challenges are very difficult. In a team, sometime the members would have argued with each other. It can not be avoided. So when a group has some internal problems, they can not do anything. Reviewing the history, a lot of great trams broke from internal. In our team, we have had argued. However, it could not affect us. Arguing is not horrible, the horrible thing is the arguing problems can not be solved. 
It can be unsuccessful if the members of the group are unwilling to take an equal share fo the workload. If one group member decides not to contribute, the work would have to be picked up by other group members when they already have tasks to deal with. This could lead to disaster in the group as too much responsibility on certain group members can produce inefficient results and stress.
Because people's personalities are different, when many introverts are together or many people with independent personalities are in a team, they sometimes do not communicate , which is very detrimental to cooperation and success. However, those teams that have their own opinions. they cannot agree with each other, and finally do their own work. Without cooperation, which takes and energy and is difficult to succeed in the end.
There are many factors that lead to the failure of cooperation.For example, some people lack initiative. After receiving cooperative learning tasks, team members do not talk or discuss with each other, they work alone and do not really participate in the cooperation.This phenomenon often results in unsuccessful cooperation.Or we don't have enough time to prepare. Sometimes we are asked to discuss a topic in a group temporarily by the teacher in class. At this time, we don't have enough time to think, so sometimes we can't get the ideal conclusion.
Here are some factors which caused unsuccessful collaborative learningWork independentlyMany students strongly prefer to work alone and they are feeling uncomfortable by having to work in groups.Commuting Problem Commuter students often have difficulty finding mutually acceptable times for group meetings.IrresponsibilitySome students are simply irresponsible, fail to do their share of the assigned work, and leave the rest of the group to deal with the irresponsibility.Overconfidence StudentsSuperior students often resent having to carry weak or lazy students and worry that their grades will be lowered by having to work with such students.Partition of AssignmentPartition of the work among team members means that no one does every step of the assignment, so no one completely understands the entire exercise.
Miscommunication.Some people do more work than others.Language barrier.
Divergent opinions that could not be able to find a balance or meeting point.Wide communication gap. (Language barrier)
As I said before, everyone think they are correct but the fact is everyone is wrong. The truth is always waiting be found, if everyone spend all time trying to persuade other people. Then, they spend time on discussing and learn nothing. I think it is just a waste of time. Another issue is not listening other peoples. Although it is not a common situation, however, there are always someone never listening to others. If I say something to that person, they just ignore that. I think, if so, why we should have a collaborative learning.
Irrelevant question
Everyone has different personalities and abilities. But when everyone is working together on a common project, there will always be differences of opinion. When some people are stubborn and unwilling to accept the ideas of others, the team will become a mess, and it will easily fail. Of course, sometimes a self-centered leader will also cause group work to fail.
This question is not suitable for our DSE students to answer
Because each person's goals are inconsistent, there will be differences in the process of collaboration and it is difficult to convince people who are inconsistent with themselves. For example, some people only want to get a pass, some people want to take a distinction, and the inconsistent requirements for the same task may lead to unsuccessful collaborative learning.
First, language issue. For example, ourgroup’s Peru member Spanish member, and Chinese members all have very differentaccents, sometimes it would be hard for us to understand each other, and we maymisunderstand others’ opinions.Second, all the members are not hard enough,or they don’t put all their attention to the collaborative learning.   Third, members don’t show the respect toeach other. If the members don’t respect each other, for example, one member don’tlisten to others’ suggestions or pretend to listen to advice without taking anyaction follow the suggestions. If the situation worsens, it may lead to teamdissolution.Fourth, all the group members are not goodat learning. They can’t improve themselves from studying with their members,and there comes the bad ending. 
I am not an expert, but I give my humble opinion Ithink that there are three factors.First, Cultural differences is a factor that playsagainst collaborative learning. In the world there are so many cultures. Theway that each culture learn is different. For example, in my countryside mostpeople wait that two or three people speaks all the time in meeting or thecoordinator resolve the problem. However other culture like England is alsodifferent the ways they are work in collaborative learning. I saw that heremost people give their opinion about the topic in order to fix the problem.Further, some culture like south America where some people like to speak mostof the time. These things sometimes play against collaborative learning, whenthe group is formed with different cultures (inside collaborative learning). Ithink that in this case people need to learn from other culture. How theybehave or how they think. Changing our pattern is not easy task. It need a lotof practice and timeSecond, Lack of experience and knowledge about thetopic which is discussed. It is fundamental that we who are involve incollaborative learning must read or we have experience about the topic. So, wecan see the problem or issue from different perspectives. Moreover, the peopleinvolved it is easy to link their ideas with the new ideas. If I am in a group,I do not have ideas about topic. I cannot debate, or my opinion could besuperficial for example this happens sometimes in classes of Law forEngineering. Most of us do not have base of knowledge in law. It is difficultto understand or ask good questions. Finally, one or two of members are talking all thetime. It plays negatively because the other person cannot have the opportunityto talk or say something about the topic. We must be sensitive with the otherpersons. Collaborative learning is when everybody gives their opinion orcorrect the ideas from others with plots. In order to other members can beconvinced about their ideas was wrong.
I think maybe sometimes the allocation of team members is unreasonable. For example, there is at least one person who has leadership ability. If all of the group members are completers and they are always waiting for missions allocated by others, there is no doubt that this group will be unsuccessful.
As I said in the former text, when a group lack communication, tolerance and sense of responsiblity, sometimes collaborative learning may be unsuccessful.For example, it is inevitable that there are conflicts when a group does collaborative learning. If everyone refuses to communicate and understand with each other and they even just believe their own opinion, there is no doubt that the outcome of collaborative learning is unsuccessful.
I think that sometimes collaborative learning is unsuccessful because people differ in some aspects of the work and collide and they don't come up with a solution.
Everyone in the group has their own opinions and is unwilling to be accommodating.
To tell you the truth, everyone is different andeveryone has his/ her own personality. It is not an easy thing to avoid anyconfusion and trouble during we complete the assignments and tasks. On the one hand,the efficiency of our meeting is slow and we sometimes waste much time duringthese process. And everyone has his/ her own thoughts and maybe sometimes weshould take much more time to arrive at agreement. On the other side, apartfrom the study in school, some others have their own activities outside school,this is another problem for group tasks. Last but not least, I prefer to makefull use of weekends to do our assignment together. But unfortunately, they wouldnot like to. What a pity. During process of meetings, some gossips sometimestake extra time and they can’t concentrate themselves to tasks. Maybe thesefactors are the reasons that lead to the unsuccessful collaborative learning Ithink.   
If we want the collaborative learning be successful, all members of  the group should finish their own tasks well. If the collaborative learning is unsuccessful, it probably because someone did not pay attention on what he or she should do. Only if everyone in the group work hard, the collaborative learning could be successful.
According to the experiences shared with other group mates and me, I think there are several reasons why some cooperative tasks are unsuccessful. First, our generation has their own ideas and hopes that others can act according to their own ideas so that there will be differences inevitably. At the same time, the lack of communication between team members is also an important reason.Because of the lack of communication and enthusiasm to complete the work, there will inevitably be some friction between the members, which will slow down the task and even some worse situations.
Lack of emotional management. Sometimes the atmosphere might be intense if people arguing without emotional control. Refuse to accept other's advice, insist own opinions without communication and compromise.
In my opinion, poor coordination oftime, inefficient communication, unclear or unevenly assigned tasks, andunsuccessful conversation skills are all possible reasons for failure.
This is because at some point, team members cannot achieve the unification of opinions and do not try to understand each other. In addition, the occurrence of laziness will seriously affect the efficiency of collaborative learning.
Maybe , we lack of communicationor just the team have no communicate with others. If everyone does not have acommon target , they will not get the achievement. 
I think the reasons why collaborative learning is sometimes unsuccessful are as belows,1. deep gap between group members. Due to the large differences in the personalities, habits and ways of working between individuals, sometimes it's hard for a group to set up a common goal and work for it together. Every individual may disagree with others to a large extent and finish assignment in a way that he is used to.2. out-off-balance in the group. A successful collaborative learning is supposed to improve every group member's ability during the process of the team work. However, sometimes the majotity of the duty is allocated to only a few people, as a result, only a few people get trainings and improved while other people get almost nothing.3. low-efficiency in the group work. One of the Initial purpose of collaborative learning is to improve the efficiency of work, but sometimes the poor communication may result in low efficiency of team work. Repetitive work may be done because group members are not clear about his allocated assignment and communicate little with each other.
1. Maybe some of the team members can not listen to other idea so that there might have conflict within the team.2. Maybe someone never take out his or her idea.3. Less discussion.
In the future study, I will definitely encounter some difficulties. And I know that I really need to use collaborative learning in future modules. Thus I will pay attention to the communication skills in this process as well as learn to stand on the perspective of others. I think it will help us improve ourselves together.
I think I will be honest and candid to tell my team members where the problem lies and indicate where they need improvement, and they also humbly accept their opinions and suggestions. Grow together in the process of mutual supervision and encouragement.
Yes, I think collaborative learning is a quite important not only in modules. Cooperating with others enables me to learn a lot, such as team awareness, or learning strengths from others: may be a careful and meticulous habit, may be the unique thinking perspectives, may be the spirit of persistence, which I could not learn from independent study. On the other hand, it will also be useful in the future work as there are many works that need cooperation. for example,  before the postgraduate  study, I had worked as a cost engineer in a construction engineering company. Whenever we get a new construction project, the project was divided into many small parts and completed by different sectors. At this time, cooperation and communication between each sectors were indispensable, which determines the quality of a project.
I think collaborative learning is quite useful because this method can gather so many different opinions and ideas.In the next term, our group also use this method in other modules. The method of collaborative learning can also be updated.For example, our group can also cooperate with other groups and learn more from each other. 
Help my partners as much as possible. Trust  and understand each other.
In collaborative learning, team members needa detailed division of tasks. At the same time, the task must be completedwithin the time specified in the mission.
If I lead a good team, this can learn to grow up with each other. This team can do things efficiently and do them best. A good team doesn't have too many problems to overcome, but it can also learn the other side. Such as the way or model of others work, the attitude of work and the way of distributed work, etc. But if I lead a bad team, I can also learn the skills of coordination and communication from this team. Because in the future work, I will definitely have high percentage of leading a bad team. Being a successful manager that I must to learn how to overcome the problems and opinions in the team.
Importantly, discuss with team mates is necessary.
Actually, I don't know, even don't know Am I going to use collaborative learning? But maybe the modules will ask us to do it.I think if I have a chance to collaborate with other people, I will see the sechuale and set the goal for every meeting and ask everyone to follow, and engage everyone to join into the team. I think have the passion and enthusiastic is such important.Helping my teammate and share skill to everyone is a good idea, I hope I could have a great success in collaborative learning in the future.
In the future of learning, we have to insist to have the discussion, and using everyone's wisdom to solve problems together. Asking the members of the group for help in case of difficulties to prevent the stuck time of a certain problem form being too long and affect the progress.  In addition, we should to take good responsibility for our team in the future cooperation. Besides, we should learn how to arrange our time to not to influence the team because of your own affairs.
I personally feel that collaborative learning is really important for a team. When the group has a certain amount of coordination going, it is surely going to be a success. From the next term we will try and be more decisive about our decision making as this would not waste much time. It is extremely important to get together for our final project. Working on the project would give us an insight about how we are going forward as a group. Surely there will be different people and different environment in the future but is really beneficial to get basics right before we move forward.
For collaborative learning, I think that in addition to our existing group is a form of education, our communication with teachers is also a form of collaborative learning. Some Internet applications are also collaborative learning with the outside world.Team:For the team, we will pay more attention to our efficiency. Efficiency and high quality should not only stay in the target stage but also be realised in our collaborative work. More discussion and more meetings may be a more effective way of existing.Teacher:In China, the probability that the teacher may see the teacher after class is relatively small, but the teacher's answer to the question is also mostly in class, with low timeliness. At the University of York, the teachers answered the issues in the emails sent by us quickly, which reduced the time cost. This will also speed up the learning process.The Internet:The Internet is undoubtedly the fastest way to search and receive information at present. More knowledge sources can be obtained through the Internet, and people can talk with each other through the Internet. Although sometimes they may not get a reply, it is also a way to seek cooperation actively.
According to Smith and MacGregor (1992), collaborative learning is an approach to keep students in a group to encourage to explore or apply what the teachers present in a course. The teacher will not be the 'expert transmitters of knowledge', collaborative learning focuses more on the students' engagements.From so far, l personally quite enjoy collaborative learning.  So l think l can use it better from now on because a deeper understanding of collaborative learning is gained from the e-log this week. l have known how to support in a group and how to behave with different people as there is a common objective to reach. reference: Smith, B.L. and MacGregor, J.T., (1992). What is collaborative learning. [online]. Available at: https://books.google.co.uk/books?hl=en&amp;lr=&amp;id=BPknDwAAQBAJ&amp;oi=fnd&amp;pg=PA219&amp;ots=WnwbsKJRqD&amp;sig=qY9K8SEn5LJMVaqSakI1BzwElAc#v=onepage&amp;q&amp;f=false[Accessed 20th November 2018].
6 people compose study group, want to getoutstanding result in whole class and grade, must cooperate sincerely, blendindividual into this small collective, everything is jumble up with collectiveinterest, through long time training, the cooperative ability that learns canrise greatly certainly. Group cooperative learning is a process in whichstudents exchange knowledge with each other and learn from each other. It isalso a process of mutual love and mutual help to communicate with each other.This process promotes the improvement of students' communicative ability andenables students to not only forget their love and devotion, but also regulate,restrain and guide their classroom behaviors.
I will give full play to my strengths in the team and try my best to cooperate with each member. If I am the team leader of a task, I will listen to each member's opinions and seek the best solution to the problem. If I am a team member, I will actively raise opinions and obey the arrangement of the team leader. And I will  participate in group discussions as often as possible. 
In the future collaborative learning, I will pay more attention to communication and cooperation with all members of the team, and will continue to share and improve the learning style. In the context of international cooperation, efficient team learning can be a challenge, but I see it more as a growth for me. Finally, I hope that I can become an outstanding team leader, lead everyone to complete the team task, and also harvest the sincere friendship.
I am glad to use collaborative learning in the future work because one plus one greater than two. The advantage of collaborative learning is to bring together everyone's power finally to compete a huge work. I also enjoy the collaborative relationship of learning and helping between each group members.  
1. Analysis everyone's SWOT and allocate tasks according to it.2. Vote a leader and follow him
Firstly,I think I will develop myself to be more valuable.Secondly ,I will devote more to assignments proactively.Thirdly, I will be more generous when facing something which make me feel uncomfortable.Finally, I will express my opinions if I'm angry rather than keep silence.
I think I need to do a few things.：Listen. Group members should pay attention to each other, look at each other with their eyes, communicate with each other with their eyes, and think about the content of the speech at the same time. For the part of consent, think about why you agree, for the part of disagreement, think about the difference, don't interrupt.Seek help. When you encounter problems you don't understand, ask for help in time. This process should be modest and correct, and thank each other after helping.Support. Smile, nod, or applaud to show support for the right opinions or opinions of others.Reflect. Consider other people's opinions modestly, correct and supplement the inaccuracies and imperfections in their original opinions, and dare to admit openly their misconceptions and affirm the correct opinions different from or contrary to their own.Automatic control. Obey the arrangement, obey the discipline, do not leave your seat casually, do not say anything unrelated to learning; when discussing in groups, make a speech in order, with a light voice, without affecting other groups'learning; when submitting to the opinions of the majority of the group, personal opinions can be reserved.Help. Care for students, timely understanding of their difficulties; active enthusiasm, patience to help students, do not hurt their self-esteem; help students to explain the causes of difficulties and solutions.Persuade. Put forward different opinions on the basis of careful observation and analysis of others'speeches or operations; affirm the correct side of their opinions and criticize the wrong side; lay out facts and reason in order to convince people.
First of all, Everyone is doing their best to work. Efforts to overcome different cultural differences and frequent group discussions can better develop new ideas.And then communicate and discuss with the teacher to understand what the future modules need to learn in the task assignment of the group and help each other.
put forward my own opinion and listen to other's advise.
In the future, by considering every problems which we have faced in our group, firstly I will use suitable communication skills to solve any potential problems and conflicts inside the group, then we will achieve a common opinion. Then I will use teamwork to solve some problems which is very hard to be finished by individuals. For example the business plan, I will ask every one for their suggestions and solutions. After that, all team members should vote out a most situation solution, then all of us will follow this solution and start doing our personal work. Finally, we will conquer every problems and finish the whole teamwork assessment together.
More hard, using more critical thinking, always adjusting the way of studying.Keep reading, keep critical thinking.
Ithink teamwork is essential in future learning. After all, everyone is notperfect. Only with the help of others can we grow faster. At the same time,while giving help to others, we also gained valuable friendship. I will expressmy views on the learning content as much as possible and listen to differentopinions from others.Inthe collaborative learning environment, we are challenged both socially andemotionally as they listen to different perspectives, and are required toarticulate and defend their ideas. In so doing, we begin to create our ownunique conceptual frameworks and not rely solely on an expert's or a text'sframework. Thus, in a collaborative learning setting, we have the opportunityto converse with peers, present and defend ideas, exchange diverse beliefs,question other conceptual frameworks, and are actively engaged.
: I will more active when we have collaborative learning. and taking with team members when we have different opinions. Finally, making decisions together with memebers.
With the development of social economy, the competition is increasingly intense, and the increasingly diverse needs of the employee force our students facing the complex environment. Under these circumstances, only the individual ability sometimes can be difficult to cope with the various complicated difficulties and take efficient actions. Therefore, the group's strength cannot be ignored. Forming group and building up the further interdependence between members can help us a lot when facing the difficulties. The team not only focuses on the individual work, more emphasis is put on the overall performance of the team. After all, a person's strength is always limited to complement the work.I should use all the resources and talents which can motivate team members in the future to cooperate with others and make the advantages of team work. And as a team we should  automatically remove all the disharmony and injustice. The team are often able to inspire unbelievable potential group, the total collective collaboration of the results do tend to be more than individual performance. In short, the team spirit is indispensable to any organisation essence. Everyone will be their integration into the collective, to give full play to the role of the individual. 
We should share our knowledge ,experience,and opinion with each other and promote the efficiency of  group working.
1.A important point in here is keep enthusiasm in learning. Interest can help me to keep learning, such as i was interested in business plan, i do all the things i can do in it.2.Learning more skills about the person how to do well in team-working.Maybe i will find some methods in google, youtube etc.3.I prepare to learn a skill what my teammate lack of experience. I wish it can help my team working smoothly.
I will try my best to get along well with team members ,because it's the basis of teamwork.Then I will try to create an active atmosphere in the group ,so that everyone are willing to contribute their power.I will put the interests of the team first,I will do my best to lead my team to success,instead of my own success. 
In future modules, try to use teamwork as much as possible. Because it makes the job simple and efficient. The main thing is that everyone will make progress from teamwork. For example, using teamwork in a speech will give everyone a chance to show themselves, which will increase their confidence. You can also use teamwork in your homework, which will give you a higher idea and everyone will get more ideas.
First ,I will keep friendly with my all team members so that we can communicate effectively .Second , I will know more about my team members ,know their habits ,strength and weakness .Then they can be allocated the tasks reasonably in the future when assigning tasks . Third ,I will respect everyone's ideas and listen carefully to their suggestions .
I am not sure which modules are referred. Actually there are several  modules are using the collaborative learning now and it also has good and bad aspects. Good things like improve communication skills and can finish some bigger projects. However, it also decline the efficiency in some degree .
I think in the future modules, I will rely heavily on teamwork. Because a lot of homework is done on a team basis, I have to get used to this way to get things done better. On the other hand, in my personal tasks, I can also seek help from the group so that I can find useful information and information faster and more accurately.
I will be much more experienced as a leader in a group. So, I believe I can organize the group better in the future.1. I will take my responsibility as a leader firstly and confidently.2. I will organize the group meeting more regularly and hold some parties sometimes.3. I will make the decision more deeply.4. I will set up some meeting rules for my group, as long as these are agreed by most groupmates.
In my opinion. I need to work hard in the future to dedicate more to the group. I want to try to coordinate the member relations when there are argument about the assignment. As well, I will try my best to undestand others' opionion.
I have learned much from collaborative learning, I think it will affect my whole study or work life in the future. As a worked person, I clearly know the importance of teamwork. To be a good engineering manager, it is essential to coordinate the whole team. All of these need collaborative learning.  
1: Determine team goals. Active collaborative learning includes building team goals and personal responsibilities. This helps the team get the job done and achieves a clear goal. Before starting a task, it is best to set goals and objectives to save time.2:  Maintain a medium-sized group. The lack of sufficient diversity of 3 people and the groups below may not be natural to develop divergent thinking. Moreover, too large a team will appear to makeup, some people eat for nothing and so on the phenomenon. A medium-sized group of 4-5 people is ideal.3: Establish flexible group norms. The quality of interaction influences collaborative learning. Interactivity and negotiation are essential in group learning, and you may want to set up group interaction rules for young students. Older students may create their applicable specifications. Keep in mind, however, that given its durability, it is best to have flexible specifications. Norms should change with the situation so that the group does not become rigid, paranoid, or divisive as a result.4:  Build trust and promote open communication. There must be successful interpersonal communication in the group. Confidence-building is essential. Deal with emotional problems and any interpersonal problems that arise at any time, and then continue to work hard. The allocation should encourage team members to explain the concept thoroughly to each other. The study found that students who provided and received complex explanations benefited the most from collaborative learning. Open communication is the key.5: For larger tasks, assign different roles. Break down a difficult task into several parts to save time, and then you can assign different roles. I have a good example here, in the science lab, five-year students play different roles, including team leaders, reporters, journalists and inspectors. Students can take turns choosing their roles, or they can choose their roles based on assignments or different parts of the course.
I think I can practice how to show my own thought and how to negotiate with others. I always discuss with my group members, sometime we may have different thought so we may quarrel with each other. I think these problems may always happen in the future, I need to know how to solve these differences in my group. THe collaborative learning can help me practice this kind of skill.
Tracking can be done through the project task list.Only by decomposing the work tasks to a very detailed level can we finish them better and more attentively. The problems we encounter are more likely to be exposed so as to be solved timely and help speed up the progress of the task.The same document will be modified and adjusted many times, resulting in many versions, and may be written by multiple people scattered around, which is not the latest, tracking the version update is also difficult?Use document aggregation of the same name to help you out.You can find lists of documents aggregated as documents of the same name in documents, project-documents, team-documents, and so on.At the end of the project, star important documents.Later search by filtering star and check the same name document aggregation can be quickly found.All documents in the project are integrated in the ""document"", which is convenient for members to fetch, backup storage and unified management.Managers should be able to keep track of their subordinates' work at any time. They should not only grasp the overall situation, but also know the details when needed, so as to find out the problems of the team in time.Use @team to establish a set of work and management methods of your own project and Team.
I will share the keys I Learned in lectures with my friends,and they also will do that.When I meet some questions I can't figure out, I will ask my friends or classmates for help.Every week, I will have a knowledge sharing with my friends or teammates.
Sometimes, group work is more tiring than personal work, because we not only have to complete the homework, but also choose the time and adjust team's arrangement to assign tasks and eliminate opinions.But collaboration is an indispensable ability in life and work in the future, and we must improve our ability to collaborate.
For my current collaborative learning, I always pay more attention to team harmony. And I won't force others to agree with me. So I just do my best in my part and give others suggestion if they need. And I will try to understand others' mind, goal and eth value of the world. And try to build the deep trust in my team. And I will try to learn from others' advantages. Finally, I will try to think something in my team member's angle when we have conflict. In short, I will put team harmony firs.
I will regularly use collaborative learningin the future. When I encounter a learning problem I can’t handle very well, Iwill seek help from my group members. For example, asking them to sort it out withme or asking them for some advice. I will also try my best to help my groupmates. I will actively communicate with them and listen to their opinions andshare mine. By doing so, I believe we will eventually get the best solution.
First, I think we should have a consensus goal for the group task.Second, do a good job in strategic planning for each mission.Third, clear assignment of tasks. At the same time, I think the task assignment should be arranged according to the characteristics of each person.Fourth, collaborative learning should focus on reflection, summarization and improvement.
Hold regular group meetings to summarise the progress and problems of the discussion group so as to prepare for the next assignment
I can discuss some topics of assignments and exchange opinions in the group. Brainstorm is a useful way to propose some constructive advice. However, teammates just offer a position, if it should be applied to a homework, we have to do research and provide evidence to support it.When other group members speak, it's also a time to broaden your own horizons. It will bring you some new ideas. Sometimes a complicated challenge is proposed, we can operate a collaborative learning to solve this issue. The more viewpoints are conducive to figure out questions.
I think that because most of the students in EM are Chinese, the logic of Chinese students and the British students are still slightly different. I think that communicating with local students in the future can better let us learn different ideas.
In the future study, we must always work with our partners to learn from each other and promote each other. For example, when writing a report, we can give it to the team members when we are finished. Everyone wants to read each person's report, give their opinions, and help to modify the problems in the paper.
Managing better the challenges that will present, trying to balance the good and the bad things, looking for the team's elements skills and disadvantages. Apply the knowledge acquired in the management classes for the team.
This is not a question that can be answered in one sentence. As a programmer, I don't really need too much teamwork. I need a quiet and independent environment rather than discussion during programming and conception. However, some logical structure should be considered and discuss together with a team, beacause this is the fundation to a project which could lead problem if wrong.
I believe collaborative learning is the best way to get the best efficiency and good learning outcomes. Also it helps us in imporving the technical skills as well as the interpersonal skills while working as a team.
There will be many opportunities for collaborative learning in the future study. Cooperative learning is an opportunity for me to develop my own independent learning. The first is to enrich their knowledge reserve to provide help and support for the task of the group. Secondly, we should listen to others' opinions and opinions more attentively. Only after many times of learning and comparison can we make progress and carry out learning activities in an orderly way. A good group learning atmosphere is the foundation for successful collaborative learning. Finally, mutual communication and communication are carried out in collaborative learning. Only a moment of communication and collaborative learning can achieve the desired results
I think that in collaborative learning, we should learn from each other's strengths, give full play to the advantages of each member, and respect and understand each other. When we exchange and share knowledge, we will bring out the advantages of collaborative learning.
Collaborativelearning is an important learning skill.Althoughmost of my courses are personal work in my major, collaborative learning willhelp my learning efficiency to a certain extent.Firstly,find a team member that suits me and respect each other. The number of peoplein the group is controlled within five people. Members' academic performance,cognitive ability and methods should be basically the same. This will helpimprove the effectiveness of collaborative learning. If possible, look for ateacher as a supervisor to supervise the outcome of the study.Secondly,strictly develop learning programs. Such as learning time schedules or teamdecisions. In the team, each team member finds their own role positioning andworks together for the learning goal.Finally,reasonable competition and discussion. Collaborators conduct positive andnegative discussions around learning objectives that could further develop thecritical thinking.Overall,collaborative learning will play an important role in my academic life.
I think I will continue using collaborative learning in the future. Because I think collaborative learning can help me solve the problems better than I work alone. I always be sure of  the power of team is larger than a person's. I will believe in the team. In the future, I will finish a large group project. Collaborative learning is one of the significant factors. I think that everyone in the group will use collaborative learning in the future. And collaborative learning will make our group stronger.
If I need collaborative learning in the future, I will first clarify the division of labor and ensure that everyone participates in cooperative tasks, and then carry out effective discussion, communication and operation. In this process, we will learn from each other and encourage each other to stimulate the enthusiasm for learning.After class, we can hold group meetings or dinners regularly to promote relationship and to better communicate  . After all, a harmonious relationship is also the basis of collaborative learning.
I am sure in the future modules especially in the Final project we have to work collaboratively within a team and we have to work collectively with all attributes which all individuals have right now. Secondly, it will also helpful during my professional life if I work in any company then I have to work within a team of people so it might be helpful for me during working with people of different cultures and behaviors.
For group work for a complicated project such as masters project in summer, coming together to bring different ideas to solve a problem. 
When individuals involved could capitalise on one another's resources and skills (asking one another for information, evaluating one another's ideas, monitoring one another's work etc)
Actually, I always using collaborative since I enter my undergraduate course. I am used to discuss ideas with my classmates. Engineers needs discussion to inspire ideas.
Irrelevant question
It is also very important to cultivate the rapport and feelings between the members and a good smart leader.
This question is not suitable for our DSE students to answer
In the modules, I think I can learn more study method from others by collaborative learning, so I hope I can communicate with classmate to exchange ideas from each other as collaborative in some teamworks. 
First, I will determine the team goal and the medium team members. Secondly, my team members will negotiate together to establish team rules and assign personal tasks, and regularly assess individual task completion and redistribution tasks. Trusting each other is a prerequisite, and timely communication is essential.
It is sure that I will use the collaborative learning in the future. For example, we cancooperate to make assignment. I know that we can't copy and learn from eachother when writing assignment, but we can use collaborative learning whenreading assignment requirements. As we all know, a word may have so many differentmeanings, and that may confuse us. So, we can understand the true meaning afterthe collaborative learning. Besides that, if we have other group assignments inthe future lecture, we also need to study as a team.
I am going to use collaborative learning in two ways. First,I am going to meet with my group and other classmate in order to debate atheme. Second, I am going to monitor our group project as whole.I think one way we can learn more effective is usingcollaborative learning. Because there are so many book or article in library oron internet which is impossible to read all of these materials for one person.However collaborative learning gives the opportunity to summarize our knowledgeand focus in one theme. I will discuss more deeply the themes of course with mymembers of group so that I can expand my knowledge. Furthermore, I am going todiscuss with other classmates. What he or she think about this topic. I willsuggest to meeting on the weekend. I would like to learn more about Law forEngineering. However, I know that our time is limited I need to usecollaborative learning in order to grasp the theory very well. Then I will usein my job when I am going to face with similar problems. Second, I would like to improve my skill in effectivecoordinator in collaborative learning is key this ability. I know that I amworking with three different cultures. I know that my classmate from Chine donot like to talk so much. I need to use some technique in order that they canspeak more in our meeting.  This ischallenging for me. However, I know that I will improve first myself and secondto them. I recognize that I like to talk a more in some meetings. I will workhard in this break of Christmas.
I think I can share information and materials with others because resource sharing can improve our efficiency and expand our thinking. What’s more, I can discuss with my groupmates when I have some questions. I think they can expand my thinking and inspire me a lot. Additionally, I can make my groupmate as an example to encourage myself to make progress if my teammate has a strength I don’t have.
As for me, I think sometimes I still need to learn by myself because there are some situations I need to learn in a quiet environment such as doing reading.However,I think I still use collaborative learning in the future in some modules.Since collaborative learning can give me more ideas and opinions about the content of modules, which can make me acquire more knowledge.What's more, after collaborative learning, I can accumulate these ideas and form my own opinion and understanding about modules.In a word, it is also important for me to use collaborative learning in the futue in modules.
Sharing everyone's ideas so we can all come to a final conclusion and something that everyone agrees with it.
I think the collaborative learning is very important for me in the furture. It can make us more efficient in the studying. By collaborative learning, we could avoid some mistakes together and discuss the problem which we meet in modules. Everyone should work hard for the collaborative learning and it would be a efficient way of study.
From my personal point of view, I hope that in the future I can improve my communication skills so that people can understand my ideas better and faster when I communicate with them in the future, instead of having to make some arguments before we can get conclusions. I think this will save time and make it easier for us to finish our homework.Meanwhile, if I meet some problems in study, I would be more than happy to ask help from others and have a discussion to get the correct answer.
From my perspective, it is exactly what I want. In a far-reaching vision, collaborating with others is inevitable in the future. Because current world is a ''connected world'', people are not able to be successful without teamwork. In addition, teamwork make us reaching goals faster and thinking comprehensively. So I think is really nice to practice collaborative work in the following modules.  
I like this way of learning . In myopinion, everyone has their own advantages, this way of learning lets us learnthe advantages of others, and then improve ourselves. In addition, thislearning method is often used in future work, and I think we can learnimportant skills in this process    
I will always think critically to think about the problem and listen patiently to the advice of my partner. I will try to learn more autonomously in the future modules, and at the same time I will get rid of my procrastination problems.
Firstly , I should learn about thecourse information. As soon as possible study more knowledge about the course .Next ,I will active communicate with my team member. Then , I will finish our assignmentwith my partner together. In the end , I will modify our assignment with mypartner. In the process, I will respect my team member works and give some helpswhen they need . 
I think collaborative learning can be used in many ways in the future. In some course modules, there are many important presentations that can be hardly finished by individuals, therefore, collaborative learning is essential to the study. Working in groups help us enhance the spirit of cooperation. What's more, in the future, when I enter enterprise and do my work, collaborative work is also important and basic in some big working assignments, which help us make personal contributions in own skilled area and improve the efficiency of team work.
